VIMLESH TIWARI
Behind digjam mill, Air Force Road, Behind R.No.16 HBC, Anand society, Jamnagar – 361006. (GUJ) INDIA.
Phone: +91 9909022555, ® +91 9909919980.  E-mail: vimlesht@gmail.com
 
----
Deputy MANAGER 
Service ● Retention ● Cross selling 
Result oriented, proactive and hard working professional with 8 years of achievement driven experience in Sales management and admin in various industries i.e. Banking, Retail, Consumer goods and telecom. Hands on experience in sales planning, quality management and manpower supervision. Understanding of all aspects governing operational and commercial activities and up to date knowledge of products, process compliances in the industry. Effective resource planning/ optimization, enhancing productivity and profitability. Outstanding communication skills, verbal as well as written coupled with exceptional presentation skills to hone the linguistic skills. Strong team builder with proven ability to motivate team members towards achieving sales targets, quality work and retaining existing customer. Excellent channel management skills innate ability to build strong, lasting and mutually beneficial relationships. 
Professional Strengths Include
Planning/ Execution/ Mgmt  
Process Implementation 
Resource Allocation & Mgmt
Procurement/ Inventory Mgmt
MS Excel & Word proficiency
Compliance Adherence & Control
Team Handling
Relation building
Operations Management
 
 
 
----

EDUCATION : BBA (HR) 






----

Profile snapshot
Total experience : 12 Yrs
Team handling experience : 7 Yrs
Telecom experience : 4 Yrs
Banking experience : 4.5 yrs
Current Location : Jamnagar
Preferred Location : Anywhere in India
Current CTC : 5 Lacs P a


----



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Indusind bank Ltd					          (MAY 2013– JAN 2014)            
Deputy Manager  Reporting to: BM 
Funnel Building and prospecting (HNI Clients).
Administration.
Key Customer Relationship Management & supervision of all High Net Worth customer programs.
Sales calls for CASA , LI , GI , loans , demat , trading A/c, Investments etc
Relationship building between bank and customers
Daily team Meeting (not more than 15 mins)


KOTAK MAHINDRA GROUP					          (OCT 2012– APR 2013)        
Recruitment and developement Manager  Reporting to: BM 
Funnel Building and prospecting (recruitment).
Selection processing, screening BOP and Interview.
Administration.
Key Customer Relationship Management & supervision of all High Net Worth customer programs.
Sales calls without developer intent with LA’s.
LA meetings
La review / training
Daily team Meeting (not more than 15 mins)
Daily LMS and reporting.
Monthly planning meetings with BM. 
Coaching dialogues (2 each month) 

VODAFONE ESSAR GUJARAT LTD					          (2009/DEC – 2012/SEP)            
India's 2nd largest telecom company and worlds 5th largest telecom company which provides vide range of telecom and broadband services to corporate and retail customers
Store Manager  Reporting to: Retail head  Team Size: 12
Responsible for entire Store sales and operation activities in the branch.
Lead a result oriented team and is responsible for managing the Profitability of Store, ensuring high quality service and Customer Relationship Management. Ensure clarity of Business objectives among staff.
Ensure achievement of overall Targets by generating business and cross sales.
Key Customer Relationship Management & supervision of all High Net Worth customer programs.
In house Merchandising & co-ordination with Marketing at product level.
Review vault register.
Ensure compliance with company’s rules, Regulations & Procedures. 
Ensure the whole operations to be fluent by controlling the system & physical errors 


RELIANCE COMMUNICATION					          (2008/SEP – 2009/DEC)
An Anil dhirubhai ambani group of company very aggressive in nature and a telecom company which provides vide range of telecom and broadband services to corporate and retail customers

Store manager Reporting to: Zonal operation manager  Team Size: 9
Handling web world express of reliance communication at Jamnagar
looking after all depts sales , customer care , sales , retention and collection 
whole branch's performance was taken care by me
Even looking after the customer quality of acquisition.
HNI customers personal care
all the customer queries were to be taken care by me
ROI of branch to be maintained by me
retaining existing customers by providing better services
Customer satisfaction was a major part of my KRA.

ICICI BANK LTD					                      (2005/Aug – 2008/AUG)
India's largest Private Sector Bank having more than 1400 branches & 4500 ATMs, presence in all financial need of an individual and institution/organisation.
Liability desk councellor/team leader Reporting to: ASM/Branch manager
Channel sales of financial services to retail and corporate customers. 
Handling of salary relationship with organizations like Reliance and Essar.
Organizing service camps & presentations at various organizations for the deposit mobilization and cross selling of the other ICICI financial products so that we can retain the relationship by catering to all the financial needs of the customer.
I have to recruit Senior Sales Executives and Sales Executives for covering wider market.
To train, Guide and motivate them for good business and perfect service to the customer.
Achieving the target in every parameters
To handle each and every kind of customer queries. 
Even taking care of existing relationship value of bank
Sorting out all the related queries of existing customers
As a LDC (Liability desk counsellor) had the knowledge of all the banking products like salary A/C, Savings A/c, Current A/C, Fixed deposits, Liquid deposits, Life insurance, General insurance, Credit cards & Many more.
Recruiting & Handling a number of people, as of 4 branches.

ASIAN INTERNATIONAL				                      (2001/May	 – 2005/AUG)
One of the marketing companies doing door to door marketing for new products launch in markets.
Recruitment & training manager Reporting to: ASM/Branch manager
Looking after the recruitment and training of sales team for the particular branch
Even taking care of new contracts from the new and existing client for marketing.

----

Date of Birth
20.01.1984
Language Known
English, Hindi, Gujarati 
References
Available on request  


