
GUNISH SINGHAL
Account’s  / Retail banking / Customiser Service 
Email       :       gunish89@gmail.com
Jaipur      :       Rajasthan – India  
Mob India :       +919887778001 
  



OBJECTIVE

To utilize academic knowledge and practical skills in an esteemed organization by seeking a challenging job, this could help me grow professionally.



Personaliy
A dedicated staff, who can bring to your business: additional professionalism, passion, productive ideas, enthusiasm and out of the box thinking packed with practical work experience. Possess excellent communication, interpersonal, business coordination skills.


Experience 


AXIS BANK LTD										 Dec-12 to till now
Officer-sales
•To acquire new to bank customers and pursue new business relationships, To reach out to high net-worth individuals.



YES BANK LTD. 								
Jan-12 to May-12
Client relationship partner (CRP)
• Holds distinction of exploring new markets, standardizing sales operation, initiating sales promotion initiatives for escalating turnover & achieving goals.


HDFC BANK LTD.	
Aug-10 to Dec-11
Contract sales executive
• Managing / motivating / mentoring a sales team for achieving sales targets for CANI (Current Account), Saving Accounts, FD, Insurance and other banking products (Assets).


Pratham Software Pvt Ltd 							
Aprl-09 to Feb-10
Lead generator
• Sales and marketing department as a lead generator




ACADMIC QUALIFICATION


Course
Name of The University
Year of Passing
B.com
Rajasthan University 
2010
Higher secondary 
MP Board
2007
High school
MP Board
2005



Computer Skills  


Thoroughly conversant with Packages such as MS Office (Word, Excel & PowerPoint)
Good Knowledge of Internet and E-mail applications 
Extensive knowledge of preparing Formats for statistical reports



Languages Known


English and Hindi 


SKILLS PROFILES:



• Ability to adapt according to environment.
• Ability to work as a good team leader.
• Positive attitude to achieve targets.


Personal Details


Nationality	 :   Indian 
Date of Birth    :  03 February 1989
Marital Status	  :  Single 
Father’s Name  :  Mr Tulsi das singhal

Contact Details in 
GUNISH SINGHAL
Mailing Address: M 7, 1st Floor, Godawari Appartment, Sector- 29, Pratap Nagar Sanganer, Jaipur
Mo: +919887778001
E-mail: gunish89@gmail.com


                                                                                                  
GUNISH SINGHAL
