SACHIN GAJBHIYE

Email: sng_ngp@rediffmail.com
Mobile: +91 9372468584
Seeking senior level assignments in Sales & Marketing, Business Development with an organization of high repute



CAREER CONSPECTUS
A dynamic professional with over 5 years’ experience in Strategic Planning, Sales & Marketing, Business Development, Channel Management, Relationship Management, Team Management and Wealth Management.
Demonstrated abilities in expanding the market, brand building, generating new business and targeting the potential customers.
Skilled in managing teams to work in sync with the corporate set parameters & motivating them for achieving business and individual goals. 
An effective communicator with good presentation skills and abilities in forging business partnerships with dealers & channel partners. 



CORE COMPETENCIES 

Sales and Marketing
Running the sales and marketing operations & accountable for increasing sales growth and driving sales initiatives in order to achieve business goals. 
Identifying prospective clients, generating business from the existing clientele, thereby achieving the business targets.


Business Development
Conducting competitor analysis & competency mapping for keeping abreast of market trends and competitor moves to achieve market share.
Identifying & developing new streams for revenue growth and maintaining relationships with customers to achieve repeat business.


Channel & Distribution Management
Recognizing and establishing financially strong and reliable channel partners for deeper market penetration; providing training & direction for ensuring quality performance.


Customer Relationship Management
Managing customer centric operations & ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality norms. 
Attending to clients’ complaints and undertaking steps for effectively resolving them. 
Interacting with the customers to gather their feedback regarding the product satisfaction. 


Team Management
Recruiting, mentoring, training and development of the field functionaries to ensure the sales and operational efficiency. 
Creating and sustaining a dynamic environment that fosters the development opportunities and motivates the high performance amongst the team members.


Wealth Management
Handling HNI’S and ULTRA HNI’S with portfolio range of 25 lacs to 75 lacs.
Designing portfolios of customers through proper Financial Planning.





CAREER CONTOUR
ING LIFE INSURANCE CO LTD                        SALES MANAGER          MARCH 2012 TO TILL DATE

Accountabilities:
Responsible for recruitment of corporate agents and develop a channel in vidarbha region.
Training & motivating corporate agents for business in every month.
Helping corporate agents for recruitment of potential Sales Officers
Keeping track of all successful corporate agents and trying to recruit them.
Retention of productive corporate agents & replacement of non-productive one.
To ensure that every corporate agents qualifies a contest month on month.

IBBI FEDERAL LIFE INSURANCE CO LTD         MANAGER DISTRIBUTION  MAY 2011 –MARCH 2012

Accountabilities:
Responsible for recruitment of corporate agents and develop a channel in vidarbha region.
Training & motivating corporate agents for business in every month.
Helping corporate agents for recruitment of potential Sales Officers
Keeping track of all successful corporate agents and trying to recruit them.
Retention of productive corporate agents & replacement of non-productive one.
To ensure that every corporate agents qualifies a contest month on month.


Max New York Life Insurance Co Ltd         Deputy Sales Manager	April’2008-Apr 2011

Accountabilities:
Responsible for sales of MAX NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE CO LTD products as core product.
Sourcing of all liabilities product and developing a relationship with customer to source other Wealth Management products.
Handling team of FPM’s & meeting the daily target of the team.
Designing the portfolio of HNI clients.
Arranging various campaigns and promotional activities on behalf of MNYL.
Handling the sales of Investment Plans.


Highlights:
First promotion for Nagpur team was from my team in just 9 months. 
I HAVE DONE THE HIGHEST Premium SINCE MY JOINING AND HAS THE HIGHEST AVERAGE PRODUCTIVITY IN THE CURRENT YEAR.




Reliance Communications                        Team Leader                       Jan’2006-March 2008

Accountabilities:
Achieving the target on weekly, monthly with special focus on new launches.
Training & motivating team for business in every month.
Handling problems related to the market business development promotion & Advertisement.




SCHOLASTICS

M.B.A (MARKETING) from KITS, NAGPUR UNIVERSITY, RAMTEK IN Year 2004.
B.A. from Hislop college, Nagpur University in Year 2000.
Project on A Critical Study on Hughes telecom Ltd. In Nagpur market about its Marketing Network.

Computer Proficiency:
MS-office & Internet Operations.

PERSONAL DOSSIER

Date of Birth 		:	18th August, 1976
Address			:	179, Banerjee Layout, Nagpur – 440027
Marital Status                :           Married.
