
PARITOSH JAISWAL
Contact: +91 98270-49061
E-Mail: paritoshjaiswal09@yahoo.co.in

Assignments in Marketing, Business Development, Channel Management, Relationship Management and Team Management with a leading organisation. 



Professional Synopsis

M.B.A with 7 years of rich experience in , Sales & Marketing, Business Development, & Team Management.
Presently designated as Relationship manager in Standard chartered bank. Experience in coordinating the operations of groups with demonstrated leadership qualities & organisational skills during the tenure. 
Acquired experience in interfacing with clients for rendering consultancy on Banking products and managing backend operations across assignments.
A proactive implementer with skills in business development, assessing the financial capability of the customer and providing them the best service solutions. 
Sound knowledge and Management Acumen in optimizing resources and increasing productivity levels.
An accomplished professional with expertise in managing business operations with focus on profitability and achieving the organisation’s mission & strategic direction.
Strong organizer, motivator and a decisive leader with successful track record of directing major operations from original concept through implementation to handle diverse situations. 


AREA OF EXPERTISE


Sales & Marketing / Business Development
Formulating competent business strategies to market a wide range of products and ensuring the attainment of set sales and profit targets.
Analysing latest marketing trends and tracking competitors’ activities and providing valuable inputs for fine tuning sales & marketing strategies.
Running the promotional activities & accountable for increasing sales growth and driving sales initiatives in order to achieve business goals.
Initiating various lead generation activities and sourcing business.

Team Management 
Imparting continuous on job training to Team Members on Banking Products, Wealth Management & operational efficiencies through knowledge enhancement / skill building.
Supporting the team for Business development of for Core Products and Cross selling of other products of Bank. 
Active Participation in all the contests, and other events conducted by Bank to drive business numbers.
Analyzing MIS reports relating to sales and develop sales strategy for team.

                                      ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE WITH HIGHLIGHTS

 Since January 2013 –Till date	    Relationship Manager –STANDARD CHARTERED BANK       
                                                                                                                                                  
To acquire new business for the bank.
To maintain strong relationship with the client & serve them on their requirement basis.
To make client aware about various banking product to fulfil their financial needs 
To conduct various business activities & events to drive business numbers.                                        

                                          
Since October 2007 –December 2012					     Senior Sales Officer-HDFC Bank Ltd.  
								
Heading Corporate Salary Accounts for the area of Indore and up countries & managing team of CSE’s.
 
Imparting training to CSE’s on Banking and other Wealth products for smooth driving of business and enhancing their productivity & operational efficiencies through knowledge enhancement and skill building.
Acquiring new corporate relationship for salary a/c for the bank and managing existing corporate relationship. 
To verify the authenticity of the documents and identity of the customers in compliance with KYC norms of the bank. 
Targeting monthly/yearly targets for self and team members.
Managing a team of CSE’s & monitoring their performance to ensure efficiency in process operations & ensure meeting of individual targets.


Achievements		: Awarded Top Performer in MPCG region.
  			: Acquired esteemed new corporate relationship for the bank..
            		               : Standing on 7th rank position at Pan India level in top 50 performers list.
: Continuously earning highest incentive slab month on month for unbeatable performance in the                 region (malamaal contest) & Won Singham Contest for achieving highest no of NTB’s in a month.
s


ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS


M.B.A (finance) from Institute of Management Studies, DAVV, Indore in 2007.	
Master of Commerce (taxation) from DAVV, Indore 

Certification:

AMFI Mutual Fund Advisors Certification.
IRDA Advisors Certification.
PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth	:	06th August 1979
Address		:	123,Sneh Nagar, Behind lotus showroom Sapna- Sangeeta Road navlakha Indore-452001
Linguistic Ability	:	English & Hindi
Skill Set

                                            Business Development


                                                        Sales & Marketing


       Training & Development


Relationship Management


Team Management



