PRANAY SANJAY KALAWATI MAHAJAN
e-mail : mrpranaymahajan304@gmail.com
mob : 9579954060
Career Objective
Seeking an opportunity which utilize my Technical as well as Creative Knowledge and Potential to the maximum as
well as enable me to show my talent, team work and help me to polish my skills.
Professional Profile
A dynamic professional, having 3+ years of experience in the analysis, design, development, implementation and
management of full life cycle commercial applications, currently associated with NIMS Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Amravati as lead Software Engineer; Expertise in C#, ASP .NET, SQL Server 2005/08, ADO .NET and intermediate
in other .Net Technologies ( Web services, AJAX), Bootstrap and JQuery.
Technical Skills
Operating Systems : Windows Xp, Windows 7, 8.
Languages : C#, Asp.net, C, CPP, CSS, HTML, JQuery, Bootstrap.
Database : Oracle (9i/10g), MySQL, Access, SQL Server (2005/2008/2012).
Development Tool : MS-Visual Studio (2005/10/12).
Key Skills
Object Oriented Analysis/ Database / Design.
Software Development / Programming / Software Architecture / Data Structure / Data Backup & Storage.
Solid management skill, demonstrated proficiency in leading and monitoring individuals to maximize level of
productivity.
Academic Projects
Title: Intranet File Sharing and Messaging.
Languages: Java, SQL, PL-SQL, XML.
Tools: Notepad, MY-SQL.
Role: Developer, Database design and Framework design.
Description: This is a window based application with java as front end tool and MySQL as back end
tool, it provide service of sharing files, media files, confidential file securely and
messaging between with available connections.
Title: E-Learning System Based On Learner Psychology.
Languages: Asp.Net, C#, SQL-Server, JQuery, Bootstrap.
Tools: MS-VS 2010, SQL-Server 2008.
Role: Framework design, Developer, Database Design.
Description: This is a web based application with ASP.Net as front end tool and SQL Server as back
end tool, it provide service of online learning which provide content to learner according
to their ability and psychology, keeping a track of all records e.g. - Performance, Online
test, current affairs, etc.
Title: Document Server System
Languages: C#, ASP.Net, JavaScript, CSS, HTML.
Tools: MS-VS 2010, SQL Server.
Role: Developer and Database Design.
Description: Document Server System is intranet application to share, editing, storing confidential
files and document in easy and secure way.
Employment History
 Lead Software Developer at NIMS Solutions Pvt. Ltd, Amravati, MH – Oct - 2015 to Jul - 2016.
 Software Developer at CCIT Amravati, MH - Nov 2012 to May 2015.
Professional Experience
Title: Database Backup and Migration System.
Role: Developer.
Languages: Java, SQL.
Tools: Notepad
Description: This application is used to take backup and migrating data from one database to any
other database and it keeps track of all backups and migration securely.
Contribution: Created user interface of application.
Developed the functionality of backup and migration of DB.
Implemented validation as per business logic.
Performed unit testing of application and maintained staging environment.
Title: Hybrid IDE
Role: Developer and Database analyst.
Languages: C#, SQL, PLSQL.
Tools: MS-Visual Studio 2010.
Description: This project is easy to use, maintenance free and deals with developing applications
using any languages with any database.
Contribution: Writing store procedures and queries in PLSQL
Writing backend code for the application in C#.
Creating, Monitoring and debugging the Jobs, Stored Procedures.
Title: E-Shiksha
Role: Developer.
Languages: Asp.NET, C#, SQL, PLSQL, JQuery, Bootstrap.
Tools: MS-VS 2010, SQL Server 2008/12 and IIS, MS-TF
Description: This project is made for Educational institution where the student can check their day to
day activities that are planned for them e.g. Utilization, attendance, finance, exam
schedule, exam scores, performance, policies etc. Students or parents can raise any type
requests here. There are 4 modules in the project: - Exam module, Attendance module,
finance module, Student module, Parent module and Admin module.
Contribution: Designed UI of the application
Writing store procedures and queries in PLSQL
Writing backend code for the application in ASP.net using C#, Bootstrap and JQuery.
Title: Associates
Role: Database design, Developer.
Languages: Asp.NET, C#, SQL, PLSQL, JQuery, Bootstrap.
Tools: MS-VS 2010, SQL Server 2008 and IIS, MS-TF
Description: This project is made for property valuator where customer or bank sends request for
valuation of property and send photocopy of documents, according to this valuator
can valuate property at different level and produce final report.
Contribution: Designed UI of the application
Writing store procedures and queries in PLSQL
Writing backend code for the application in ASP.net using C#, Bootstrap and JQuery.
Qualification
 Completed MSc. (Comp. Sci.) with 63.34% from H.V.P.M. College, Amravati in 2015.
 Completed PGDCS (Comp. Sci.) with 64.58% from S.G.B. University, Amravati in 2013.
 Completed BCA. (Comp. Application) with 63.72% from Harikisan Maloo. College, Amravati in 2012.
 Completed H.S.C. with 51.33% from Panchfulabai Harne Junior College, Anjangaon Surji, Amravati in 2006.
 Completed S.S.C. with 64.80% from Sitabai Sangai High School, Anjangaon Surji, Amravati in 2004.
Research Work
Title: Cloud Computing Data Security With Third Party Auditor (TPA).
Description: Cloud is kind of centralized database where many organizations/clients store their data,
retrieve data and possibly modify data. Cloud is a model where user is provided services
by CSP (Cloud Service Provider) on pay per use base. Data stored and retrieved in such a
way may not be fully trustworthy so here concept of TPA (Third Party Auditor) is used.
TPA makes task of client easy by verifying integrity of data stored on behalf of client. We
provide two clouds one for encryption and decryption namely trusted third party which
will provide security services and second one is for only storage. The software is only
responsible for Encryption/decryption, computing/verifying Hash of data and does not
store any data in trusted third party that is security cloud.
Title: A Proposed Architecture for E-learning System to Address Learner’s Psychology.
Description: This paper introduces the current E-learning systems and then analyses the learner
behavior and psychology and describes the architecture of E-learning which is based on
psychology of learner. Psychology is a scientific study of human mind and behavior.
Educational Psychology is the application of psych & psychological principles, methods to
study of human development, motivation, instruction, assessment and related issues
that influence the interaction of teaching & learning. We have tried to introduce Elearning system based on learner psychology and make an active research and
exploration for it from the following aspects architecture, learner behavior and
psychology, construction methods and interface with system.
Awards And Achievements
Participant in National Level Competition Blind Programming & Web Page Development.
Participant in National Level Research activities.
Participant in Programming Competition and secured First Position.
Participant in one day workshop of Ethical Hacking.
Worked for committees in national level Apps Fest organized by Microsoft India in Amravati.
Languages Known
English, Hindi and Marathi.
Other Interests
Internet Surfing, Riding Bike.
Declaration
I hereby declare that all the information given above, by me is correct to the best of my knowledge & belief.
Date :
Place : Pune Pranay Sanjay Kalawati Mahajan

Appreciated wih TCS Gems and “Technical Excellence” Award for full front end analysis, development and client communication for Inventory Maintenance issue.
Appreciated with TCS Gems and ‘On the Spot’ Award for proactively developing and implementing a new ‘FE Promos’ tool used for file transfer.
Received appreciation mail from clients and project manager for interactive, uncluttered, user-centric UI and prompt resolution of critical issues. 
Received appreciation mail from management for presenting ASBA application to different TCS banking projects with functionality and technicality.
Presented Technical Paper On “3D Eyewear For Product Visualization” in a national conference at Sinhagad Institute,Pune and published the same in an international journal.
CO-CURRICULAR ACHIEVEMENTS

Held the President Of CSI (Computer Society Of India) post during final year engineering and headed a team of 25 to organize events, coding competitions, seminars, workshops. Also won inter-college competitions in CSI.
Held the post of President Of Genesis committee, a forum aimed at organizing personality development seminars, workshops, competitions, interactions and headed a team of 15 during engineering academics.
Won Elocution, Debates and Group Discussions during engineering academics. Also presented a new business establishment project in a State level Inter-Collegiate Economics festival.
