
Milind Srivastava
Mobile: 09873665830, 09953039676
E-Mail: milind05sri@hotmail.com



Domain Expertise: Managing operation and back office systems for Wealth Management business including financial products like Mutual Fund, PMS, Private Equity, Real Estate, VCF   Alternative Investments prevailed in Indian capital market

An accomplished ITIL Certified professional with 12 years of cross functional experience in handling various facets of Wealth Management Operations inclusive of back office operations, Compliance, Channel Management, Management Reporting, Functional (UAT) Testing and customization of underlying software systems, Supporting the RFI / RFP processes for the 3rd party system and services implementation , Quality control, Client Relationship Management and Team Management. Displayed proficiency in administering Business operations while adhering to internal policies and regulations, set by various Regulatory Authorities. Focus area is to ensure that the delivery meets quality metrics, is performed well before agreed TAT, value is added to existing processes through system automation/minimising manual intervention, putting enough controls from risk/audit perspective and timely escalation of critical issues. 



Responsibilities and Accomplishments in the roles performed.

System Development: To achieve the effective and smooth operational processes through software systems, one of my key responsibilities was to test the software applications in place in terms of supporting the overall business execution and suggests improvements required. I am Involved in the development, customization, and enhancement of the integrated ERP solution from the leading vendor Polaris Financial technology.  The application supports most of the business verticals and consists of modules like Product Transaction Management, CRM, Financial Planning, Portfolio analytics and Advisor workstation. Participated in the requirement gathering and gap analysis of the existing wealth management system and communicated key business and functional logics to the Polaris’s consultant and business analyst team for the development and implementation of an integrated wealth management system supporting the unique financial planning proposition of the company.

Team Management, inter-personal skills and effective communication: Mentoring, training & leading new recruits to ensure operational efficiency. Creating as well as sustaining a dynamic environment that fosters development opportunities and motivates high performance amongst team members. Presenting operational achievements in the leadership level meetings and effectively communicate with the cross-functional leadership team (CXO’s).

Customer Relationship: Attending to customer’s complaints & queries and undertaking steps for effectively resolving them. Try to achieve customer satisfaction by timely delivery & service quality.

Strategic Planning: Developing and implementing project plans for transforming complicated operational processes into easy to execute mechanism for the central and branch operation team members. Defining operational and system checks for measuring success by conducting performance audits and periodically reviewing strategy and processes. Conducting new service/domain feasibility study and devise operational and system processes to support implementation. Defining KRA’s, implementing policies & procedures to enable smooth functioning of operations. 



CAREER CONTOUR

Since Jan’15	SMC Investments and Advisors (Ameriprise Financial Ind Dist. Merged with SMC)  Asst. Vice           President  – OPS, back office Systems & Client Service

Highlights:

Heading the centralized operation team and Client Service Team, managed the India operations for the wealth management and mortgagee business of the company including products like Mutual Funds, Venture Capital and real Estate Funds, Insurance, Structured Products, Private equity, Product advisory, in house Portfolio Management System, Financial Planning and other alternate Investment financial instruments in Indian Capital Market and loans.
Managing the Back office operation included activities and responsibilities of crystallization of workflows, freezing the documentation (KYC), adherence to compliance, software vendor demo & selection process, application testing, identifying training needs and other similar requirements.
Responsible for managing the activities of Account opening, KYC documentation as per regulatory guide lines, adherence to AML policies, Monitoring, maintenance & reporting of transactions and appropriate Risk profiling. Preparation of critical MIS, Financial Reports and ensuring delivery meets agreed TAT. Income estimation, reconciliation, provisioning and ensure receipt on time.
Manage the ERP solution to support the processes and as well as responsible for timely enhancements to the system.
Coordinate with cross functional team to participate in the business requirements sessions from the system and operations. Translate the requirements to the involved vendors for development. Test the developments basis specific case scenarios and approve the deployment for end user. Supporting and preparing the RFI / RFP processes for the 3rd party system and services implementation.
Client service by providing regular and ad-hoc error free investment and analytical statements, resolving their queries. Servicing internal stakeholder’s across functions by providing the required data, reports, other operational inputs.
Periodically review operational processes to refine and eliminate Non Value Adding activities.
Ensure adherence to compliance and ensuring clean Audits as & when it occurs.
Responsible for hiring and mentoring new recruits. Also review the performance of the entire team and providing timely feedback wherever required. Reporting directly to CEO and MD and directly managed a team of 15 people.


Since Jan’11-Dec’14	Ameriprise Financial Pvt. ltd.        Group Lead – OPS, Systems & Client Service

Highlights:

Headed the centralized operation team, managed the India operations for the wealth management business of the company including products like Mutual Funds, Venture Capital and real Estate Funds, Insurance, Structured Products, Private equity, Product advisory, Portfolio Management System, Financial Planning and other alternate Investment financial instruments in Indian Capital Market.
Managing the Back office operation included activities and responsibilities of crystallization of workflows, freezing the documentation (KYC), adherence to compliance, software vendor demo & selection process, application testing, identifying training needs and other similar requirements.
Responsible for managing the activities of Account opening, KYC documentation as per regulatory guide lines, adherence to AML policies, Monitoring, maintenance & reporting of transactions and appropriate Risk profiling. Preparation of critical MIS, Financial Reports and ensuring delivery meets agreed TAT. Income estimation, reconciliation, provisioning and ensure receipt on time.
Manage the ERP solution to support the processes and as well as responsible for timely enhancements to the system.
Coordinate with cross functional team to participate in the business requirements sessions from the system and operations. Translate the requirements to the involved vendors for development. Test the developments basis specific case scenarios and approve the deployment for end user.  Supporting and preparing the RFI / RFP processes for the 3rd party system and services implementation.

Client service by providing regular and ad-hoc error free investment and analytical statements, resolving their queries. Servicing internal stakeholder’s across functions by providing the required data, reports, other operational inputs.
Periodically review operational processes to refine and eliminate Non Value Adding activities.
Ensure adherence to compliance and ensuring clean Audits as & when it occurs.
Responsible for hiring and mentoring new recruits. Also review the performance of the entire team and providing timely feedback wherever required. Reporting directly to the Head Operations & IT and directly managed a team of 10 people.

	•	Successfully developed and implemented Mutual fund back office system, CRM and Advisor work station with Polaris team.
	•	Successfully developed Client login system for online access with Ameriprise clients with the help of vendor Polaris.
	•	Successfully developed deployed unique Goal Base Investment mapping and tracking system within the wealth management system.


Aug’09- Jan’11	SMC Wealth Management Services Ltd.	Manager – OPS. & Client Service

Highlights:
Managed operations of Investment portfolio of corporates and individuals Ultra HNI’s for Regions Delhi and Kolkata with the team of five. Handled revenue MIS of Pan India. Reporting to senior management. Analysis of revenue data.
Provide fundamental support in all phases of client service, client relationship building, system and process development and account maintenance to assist the business activities of Relationship Managers.
Handled Software Testing & software training and development requirement gathering as per business requirement. Handled branch for service and Investment banking operations, managing KYC and RBI & SEBI guidelines.
Ensure smooth processing of Accounts and ensure clarity in documentation, with adequate record of updates and process flow. Responded to client inquiries on account documentation, account balances, account activity, statement information, securities transfers, security information, general product and/or service information. Research and initiate corrections to transaction and/or account error.
Liaison with Operations team, group service provider’s software dealers. Maintaining existing accounts through excellent client service, creating and maintaining client files, obtaining required documentation an exposure to Private Equity, Real Estate and Debentures. Managed the departments to ensure daily transactions are processed as per the defined SLA’s and within the defined turnaround time. Custodian of data at all levels and provides the same for business audits.

	•	Successfully developed and implemented Mutual fund and other product back office system with Bennett Systems.

May’07 - May’09	Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. (Wealth Management & Retail Banking)       Manager- Client Service     

Highlights:
Managed Investment portfolio of different corporate and individual Ultra HNI’s.Managed total AUM of Rs 250 cr.
Provide customized Reports / MIS / Analysis to clients in respect to their portfolios. Extending operational support as a part of preferred banking module to the clients. Building support systems for relationship managers for smoother delivery of the products. Portfolio Analysis for key client’s data analysis for organization.
Liaison with Operations teams of Group Companies. Ensuring Quality Deliverables to Clients.
Conduct internal audits for the team and provide control mechanisms from service & compliance prospective. Setting service practices by initiating activities/projects for internal and external customers. Initiating Projects as member & Lead, on development & implementation of procedures, applications & systems undertaken for service excellence.
Handling branch for service and banking operations, managing KYC and RBI guideline. Ensure smooth processing of Accounts, ensure clarity in documentation, with adequate record of updates, and process flow.
Maintaining existing accounts through excellent client service, creating and maintaining client files, obtaining required documentation handling any documentation, info collation, as required. Review client portfolios for all updates. Answering administrative and operational inquiries. To be custodians of data at all levels and provide the same for business audits. Conduct audits for the team and provide control mechanisms for all deferrals/ exceptions at the branch.

Also Worked as Branch Service Manager about 6 months in retails banking division of Kotak Mahindra Bank for Greater Kailas branch under this role, performed the activities like trailer authoriser custodian of branch cash and branch data. Involved in day to day operations activities.
Handled day to day customer queries and operational quires and providing resolutions as per banking guide lines. Branch Merchandising, Supervise & Monitor Personal Banker desks and contract sales staff, Authorize Personal Banker transactions, Branch administration, Lobby Management. Report all customer complaints as per laid down guidelines 
Manage the branch security measures. Provide MIS reports to the management as per time schedule specified.
Forward market opportunities and leads to the relationship team. Co-ordinate with relationship team and ensure timely completion of credit documentation as specified / approved by Legal team.


June’05- May’2007	HDFC Slandered Life Insurance company	Manager – Sales Operations

Highlights:
Managed Financial Consultant Team. Recruitment of financial consultants Provide Them Training motivate them, 
Generate business of insurance through consultant Accountable for managing the service & sales through Team.
Close co-ordination with the service delivery mechanism and the operations team for quality and fast processing of the cases. Responsible for monthly MIS and customer service.


June’03- May’2005	ICICI Bank Ltd. (International Banking Group)	Sales Officer

Managed team of three persons in branch for servicing ICICI banks Liabilities and investment options to NRIs. Handled NRI transactions and NRI business Operations. Responsible for a branch NRI services as well as direct sales through team.Maintain relation with existing clients. Responsible for opening of non-resident Indians saving Account and foreign currency fixed deposit and also responsible for cross selling of banks other products, that is ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, Home loan, Mutual Fund,Demat Account, ICICI Lomb art General Insurance to Non-Residence Indians handled promotional activities.




AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
	•	Chairman's Award Honoree (Team Category) - Ameriprise Financial year 2011 - February 2012
	•	Extra Mile Award November 2011




EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

M.B.A (Marketing) in 2003
M.P. Bhoj University, Bhopal

Bachelors in ARTS (Economics) in 1999
Allahabad University, Allahabad


Life Insurance Certification – IRDA
IRDA India, New Delhi

Mutual Fund Certification-AMFI
NISM India. New Delhi

ITIL Certified-2016- ITIL 




PERSONAL SNIPPETS

Date of Birth		: 	05th January, 1979
Residential Address	:	4 U 903 AWHO Societies, Grater Noida UP






 (Milind Srivastava)                 
