CURRICULAM VITAE


K.PAVANI
H.No.16-69,FLAT NO:101,
SRILAXMI NILAYAM APPTS,
SRIKRISHNA NAGAR COLONY,
DILSUKH NAGAR,
HYDERABAD.
                                                                                                Phone: 91- 9052377733
                                                                                               pavani.korlapati@gmail.com
                                                                    
   CAREER OBJECTIVE:-  
 
Seeking a challenging and responsible position in a good organization to contribute my best towards the world class products and exceed customer and employer expectation every time. To work in a progressive organization where I can apply my skills and play my responsible role in achieving the organizational goals.

Work Experience	
	•	Worked as a Team Leader in Vertex Customer Solutions from 22nd June2013-02nd April2014.
	•	5 years ( 27thJan 2007  to 12th July2012 ) Experience in ADFC pvt ltd  as a Relationship Manager under HDFC Bank.
Area of Exposure  and Key Responsibilities	
 Roles and Responsibilities in Vertex as a Team Leader
	•	Responsibilities and Achievements
	•	Inspired each and every team member to perform and produce their best.
	•	Determined the duties and responsibilities of individuals in a team.
	•	Analyzed the individual performance of each team member and motivated them to perform even better.
	•	Organized training workshops to improve the performance of the members who were lagging behind in terms of performance.
	•	Analyzed the assigned projects and distributed tasks to the members as per their area of expertise.
	•	Reported any problem or fault in the project to the project manager or supervisor. 
Service / sales
	•	As a relationship officer, building the relationship with the High Net Worth customers (HNW) by giving his HDFC Bank Account details and newly launched banking products for achieving sales.
Job Responsibilities
	•	Upgrading the normal customers to HNW (Classic) customers. 
	•	Enhancing the customers relationship Analysis and Monthly Analysis Report.
	•	With balance build-up , promoting this customers to Preferred and Imperia channels 
	•	Focusing for sales like Investments,CASA, Fixed deposit , credit cards , Trading a/ac  and all other bank products which are not held by the customer to achieve our Revenue Target 1lakh per month.

Role as a Personal Banker ( Relationship manager) :
 
Make HDFC Bank the primary /only bank of the customer retaining existing Classic customers.
Ensure deepening and Enhancement per group.
Ensure growth in liability of the portfolio 
Generate high income per month
Ensure highest level of service.
Engaging them into products offered by the back.
Advising them on investments(health) based on their risk profile and need  
To enhance customer profitability and capture wallet and share by brining the family relationships also to the back their by becoming the primary banker to this customer.
Focus on Retention, Deepening and Enhancement of the relationship 
Retention of existing base.
Cross sell into the portfolio.
Upgrade to Preferred  / Imperia.
I will be at one point of contact for the customer for all his banking needs.

Achievements:

	•	Won “Top-Performer Award”(YTD achievement) in 2011-12

	•	Won “Excellent Customer Service” &Quarterly Performance awards  in ADFC

Key Skills :

Communication - Deals with internal and external customers at all levels via telephone and email, to ensure successful communication via actively listening and probing questions.

Problem solving: Resolves in-depth queries in a methodical manner independently and with internal and external business partners to find appropriate resolutions, efficiencies and high level of quality.

Team Player - Enjoys sharing knowledge and encouraging development of others to achieve specific team goals.  

	
 Education Qualification
	•	Msc.Computers from Matrusri PG Institute(O U) Hyderabad [2006]
	•	B.Sc Computers from Annie Besant College College (O U) Hyderbad  [2004]          
	•	XII  Ideal Jr.College   [2001]           
	•	S.S.C from Subhodaya  High School     [1999]           

Technical Skills:

Ms-Office Package                 : Ms-Office (Ms-Word, Ms-Excel ,Ms-Power Point)
Banking Tools /Software        : Finware, Finone, Host-applications   

Personal Details
Name			             :        K.Pavani
Father’s Name                          :        K.VenkateshWar Rao
Nationality		              :        Indian

Religion                                    :         Hindu
Date of Birth		               :       19/02/1985
Languages Know                       :         Telugu, English and Hindi.

Email                                         :      pavani.korlapati@gmail.com

                              
                                             
Declaration   : I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.



Place: Hyderabad                                                                                        (Pavani)
Date:
