				Resume 

VARUN GOPAL
39/7, 3rd Floor
MCD Colony,
Model Town - III
New Delhi- 110009
Contact no. – 9311479000
		9958196860
E- Mail: - varungopal.ymca@gmail.com


Career Objective:-

High motivational skill and ability to learn and grasp new idea and working with challenging environment.

Educational Qualification:-

	•	B.A. from Veer Kunwar Singh University, Ara.
	•	12th Passed from Bihar Intermediate Education Council, Patna.
	•	10th Passed from Bihar School of Examination Board, Patna.
	•	Currently Pursuing MBA.

Computer Skill:-

	•	Basic knowledge of computer.

Working Experience:-

Currently Working

	•	Organization: Yes Bank Ltd. 
Duration:  18th Sep 2012 till now
Designation: Client Relationship Partner (CRP)
Functional Area: Sales (CASA and Cross sales Insurance)

Job Description: Direct sales of saving accounts and current accounts, sourcing high worth of fixed deposit, cross sale of life insurance, general insurance. Identify new potential area and campaigns to extract new business. Responsible for achievement 10 crore (Retail). Incremental business and 50 lakhs of (Business banking). The whole financial year responsible for 5 Lakhs revenues in a financial year. Also responsible for NRE and NRO account.

  
Worked 

	•	Organization: ING Vysya Bank Ltd. 
Duration:  16th June 2010 To 21st July 2012
Designation: Business Development Executive (BDE)
Functional Area: Sales (CASA and Cross sales Insurance)

Job Description: Direct sales of saving accounts and current accounts, sourcing high worth of fixed deposit, cross sale of life insurance, general insurance. Identify new potential area and campaigns to extract new business. Responsible for achievement 4 crore (Retail). Incremental business and 50 lakhs of (Business banking). The whole financial year responsible for 3 Lakhs revenues in a financial year.
  

Area of Interest:   Product selling
Achievement:

	•	Seven times Winner of 'The Best Employee of The Month' Certificate.

	•	Winner of Gold, Silver and Bronze Brooch (For the best performer)

Summary: 
A robust of 3 and half years of experience in sales & business development with strong achievement record .I have successfully planed towards the realization of Business targets from designated Areas.

Careers Responsibilities & Exposure: Identifying new business opportunities in terms of Areas, realizing sales target, formulation of sales policies and customer satisfaction.


Personal Details:-

Father’s Name				:	Dina Nath Pathak
Date of Birth 				:	01/03/ 1984
Nationality				:	Indian
Languages Known			:	Hindi & English
Gender					:	Male
Marital Status				:	Unmarried
Religion				:	Hindu



Date:

Place: New Delhi
									(VARUN GOPAL)
