DOB:  28/09/1978

Father’s Name: Paulose Gomez
Mother’s Name: Stella Gallittus
Marital Status:  Married

Address: Anugraha
TC 3/1502-1
Manvila
Kulathoor P.O
Trivandrum
Kerala, India

M: +91 8943721988
E: gomezpraju@gmail.com

Hobbies: Volleyball&Reading
Lanquages Known: English, Malayalam, Hindi and Tamil
Areas of Expertise 

Increases Sales & Margins
 
 Identifying Market Trends
 
 Selling to Customers
 
 Staff Management
 
 Meeting sales goals 
 
Creating Brand Awareness 
 
Lead Conversion 
 
Staff Development
Sales Achievements 
 
Allianz Champion Employee award winner for 5 out of 7 quarters.


Under performing districts converted to profit generating ones.






 
Dr. C.V.Raman University 		2007 - 2010
Marketing 		BBA 

Dr. C.V.Raman University			Pursuing
Marketing and Finance 	MBA
Senior Sales Representative 	ACIS – Allianz UK- Insurance Company	2012 - Present
In charge of converting customer enquiries into potential sales. Part of a high performing team to achieve targets. Ensure legal compliance in all activities and increase turnover and profitability. 
	•	Ensuring an efficient and qualitative operation through effective planning, leading, controlling and organizing as well as managing the day to day operations of the call center.
	•	Supervising and coordinating the activities of Team Leaders to ensure prompt, courteous and accurate response to customers.
	•	Responsibly carrying out Team Leads’ and agents’ monthly and annual appraisal.


CALL CENTER SUPERVISOR		Business Processing Company  	     2007-2012

Guiding, controlling and leading teams of employees. Supervising Team Leads and appraising their performance. Overall, managing the day to day operations of the call center.
Duties:

	•	Selling insurance policies. Provide quotes for different policies and follow up.
	•	Treating customers fairly and always keep a warm relationship with them.
	•	Underwriting policies and authorized to qualify customers for policies.
	•	Interacting with customers regularly to gain feedback on quality & service effectiveness.
	•	Identifying and monitoring the performance of competitors in the market place. 

An ambitious Sales Manager who has a long track record of exceeding set targets.



                                              



         

Duties:
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
An experienced and highly energetic candidate who is able to drive profitability improvement through strategic growth and quality enhancement, a well networked and results focused sales manager who possesses proven marketing and leadership skills. Commercially aware and able to successfully lead and motivate teams to achieve maximum performance and results. Presently looking for a suitable sales managerial position with a reputable and successful company.
gomez
raju

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 
	•	Responsible for driving profitability, customer service and business generation for a specific region. Also in charge of a portfolio of existing accounts.
	•	Having full accountability and ownership of sales in the region.
	•	Recruited, managed and developed the company’s direct sales force.


 Duties:
MARKETING MANAGER	 	Academic Distribution Company	       2002-2007

In charge of a team of around 15 sales reps and responsible for leading the development and implementation of all marketing programs and strategic sales activities. Also in command of ensuring that the company’s and its customer goals are aligned and met.
