FALAK NAAZ
Mobile: 91-9899091837, Email: naaz.falak89@yahoo.com  
OPERATIONS & TRAINING

 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMATION

	•	RBI Trained & Innovative professional with over 4 years of total experience in Sales & Marketing and Training Solutions in Retail Banking, Telecom, Insurance.
	•	Currently Associated with ICICI as SLIM (Senior life insurance manager)
	•	Previously associated with HDFC Life as SDM(Sales Development Manager) banca.
	•	Previously associated with Jindal Intellicom Pvt LTD in a Quality and training Department.
	•	Previously associated with Effort BPO LTD In Operation as Mentor Then Promoted in 6 Month in a Quality Operation & Training, located in Delhi
	•	Skills in managing teams to work in sync with the corporate set parameters & motivating them for achieving business and individual goals. 
	•	Adroit in representing Team in discussions and coordinating the activities on the floor.

DOMAIN EXPERTISE

 - Content Development & Conversion      - Sales & Marketing 	
- Mass Rollout Trainings Delivery     	- Quality Standards
- Client Relationship Management	- Team Management

FUNCTIONAL SKILLS SET


	•	Ensure the best in class in terms of Life insurance business and productivity standards and working on management guidelines. 
	•	Proper Knowledge of Microsoft Office, Preparation of MIS and other reports with ease.

OBJECTIVE AND GOAL

	•	To obtain a challenging position in the organisation, that gives me the opportunity for the optimum utilisations of my present knowledge as well as provides me with a learning ground to build a strong career.

	
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY


Organisation	:	ICICI DIRECT
Designation	:	SLIM (Senior Life Insurance Manager)
Duration	:	currently 
Location	:	New Delhi


Key Deliverables: Co-ordinating & planning with Branch Manager for Achieving the Targets of sales and marketing for the organization for the product Life insurance. Team Handling, Client Interaction. Training sessions (For Bank Employee

Organisation	:	HDFC Life. 
Designation	:	SDM (Sales Development Manager)
Duration	:	May 11 to Dec 14
Location	:	New Delhi


Key Deliverables: Co-ordinating & planning with Branch Manager for Achieving the Targets of sales and marketing for the organization for the product Life insurance. Team Enhance, Client Interaction, Online Query resolution of customers, Account opening, Form checking other investments like Fixed deposited etc.Training sessions (For Bank Employees)


Organisation	:	Jindal Intellicom Pvt LTD, 
Designation	:	Quality Operation & Training 
Job Profile	:	Defect analysis & Team Enhance,
			Client Interaction, Online Query resolution of customers,
			Training sessions, (Product and communication skills) GCM & Calibration     
Duration	:	August 2010 to March 2011
Location	:	New Delhi

Key Deliverables: Trained new batches on product like life insurance, general insurance, collection etc process. Co-ordinating & planning with Team leaders and operational manger for trainings team of sales and marketing for the organization for different product like Reliance health insurance, Max Health Insurance, Creating detailed analytical report of the quality of different CRE on the floor. Defect analysis & Team Enhance, Client Interaction, Online Query resolution of customers, Training sessions, GCM & Calibration. Preparation of different MIS on quality and Training Reports.      




Organisation	:	Effort BPO Pvt. Ltd.
Designation	:	Quality Operation & Training      
Duration	:	April ’2009 to August 2010
Location	:	New Delhi


Key Deliverables: Trained new batched on the different process like LI ,GI , Collection process etc .Co-ordinating & planning with Team leader and operational manger for trainings team of sales and marketing for the organization for different product like Reliance health insurance, Loan & recovery for ABN Amro Bank, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank. Creating detailed analytical report of the quality of different CRE on the floor.



TRAINING ATTENDED


- In house Training in communication Skills 1 week.
- In house Selling, negotiation and presentation skills - one week.
- RBI Training 15 days


ACADEMIA 
 
BSc (Hons.) Physics	Delhi University South Campus
 
PERSONAL DOSSIERS 


Date of Birth	:	7th March 1988 
Languages	:	English and Hindi 
Address	:	GH-9/639, Paschim Vihar, New Delhi
Interests	:	Net Savvy, Reading Books





	
									
