
Nitesh Khandelwal
Phone No: +91-9928387161 
Email: nitesh.khandelwal1@gmail.com
Address: #68, James Colony, Sector-3, Vidhyadhar Nagar, Jaipur (Raj.)
 

Career Objective

To climb up the management ladder by adding value to my skillsets and taking more and more responsibility along with authority.

 
Educational Profile

Course
Specialization
Name of the Institution
Board/University
Year of passing
Percentage(%)
M.B.A
Finance 
I.B.M.R Business School, Ahmedabad 
Sikkim Manipal University
2010
69.66
B.Com 
ABST,EAFM, ASP
S.S.Jain Subodh College, Jaipur
Rajasthan University
2006

49.05
XII
Commerce
S.V.M Public School, Jaipur
CBSE
2003
66.4
X
-
T E A, Assam
CBSE
2001
59.6


Certifications

	•	Basic Elementary Course, NIIT in the Year 2002-03
	•	AMFI, NCFM Certified in the year 2009


Professional Experience


	•	   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co. Ltd., Jaipur from Mar/12 – Till Date
	
	        Designation – Senior Financial Service Manager

     Roles and Responsibilities:

	•	Get Leads from Bank and Sales Life Insurance Products.
	•	Sales Life Insurance through Channel Partner.
	•	To pitch in with Company's products with the target customer (prospect).
	•	To explain the products in detail.





	•	   Infosys Bpo Ltd., Jaipur from Nov/10 – Apr/11
	
	        Designation – Process Executive

     Roles and Responsibilities:

	•	Part of the Pilot Batch team for Sedalia (USA) for Order2Cash, tracking client activities and training. {Accounts Receivables} Freedom Communications.
	•	Keeping a track of all the payments and making Cash entries (Credit card, Checks & Cash) received from Advertisers and Subscribers and updating their accounts with their Aging balance.
	•	Tallying the daily cash receivable with Bank Deposits.
	•	Maintaining good relationship with customers by providing them Satisfactory services.



Summer Interenship Programme (May/09 – Jun/09)

	•	2 month training in Kajaria Ceramics Ltd. on “Study and Analysis of market share and dealer satisfaction“.

Job Description: 
	•	Meeting the dealers of kajaria ceramics ltd. and making a brief review of company and its products considering various attributes.


Personal Information

Father’s Name		:	Mr. M.L. Khandelwal
Mother’s Name		:	Mrs. Premlata Khandelwal
Date of Birth		:	01 September, 1984
Sex			:	Male
Marital Status		:	Married
Nationality			:	Indian
Languages known		:	English, Hindi.


	
Date: - 										Nitesh Khandelwal
Place: - 
