Curriculum – Vitae
Shifali  Choudhary
Address: A54, Mandir Vali Gali,Yusuf Sarai
New Delhi -110016
Email: shifalichoudhary11@gmail.com
Contact +91-9716341252
Career   Objective   
To enhance my working capacities, professional skills, business efficiencies and to serve my organization in best possible way with sheer determination and commitment. To work in a challenging environment that provides generous opportunities for learning.
Professional Qualification  
 PGDM from Institute Of  Management Education (AICTE Approved), Sahibabad with specialization in Marketing (Major) and Human Resource (Minor).
Academic Qualifications  
	•	Bachelor of Commerce from P.P.N College which is affiliated through C.S.J.M University in 2012.
	•	Intermediate from Dr.Virendra Swarup Education Centre which is affiliated through I.S.C Board in 2009.
	•	High School from Dr.Virendra Swarup Education Centre which is affiliated through I.S.C.E Board in 2007.
Project Undertaken  
Summer Internship:   Company – India Info line Limited, Kanpur Branch
Topic: A Study on Customer Satisfaction towards The Services Provided By India Info line Limited.
Description:  To Understand the Overall Satisfaction Level of the Clients Regarding Trade Confirmation, Flexibility and the Services provided to the Clients By the staff of India Info line Limited.
Dissertation: Effect of online shopping on brand loyalty of a customer.
Industry Visits
	•	Ultratech Cement Limited
	•	Yakult Danone Private Limited
	•	Onassis Auto Limited
   Skills
	•	Self-motivated and have ability to adapt changes.
	•	Good communication, managerial and presentation skills.
Area of Strength  
	•	Have a positive attitude and have an urge to complete the task on time with patience and hard work as a key.
Computer Proficiency 
	•	Efficient knowledge about basic computer skills.
	•	Knowledge about internet browsing.
Personal Detail 
 Father’s Name       : Mr.Rajendra Prasad 
Marital Status         : Single
Date of Birth           : 10 July 1991
Languages              : English, Hindi
Permanent Address: I-281, Keshav Puram, Awas Vikas -1, Kalyanpur ,Kanpur.


I here declare by that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:
Place:
                                                                                                                            (Shifali Choudhary)

