COVERING LETTER


 									            Shalabh Bhatnagar
                                                                                                                                                  IInd Rangpur Road,
            Behind Govind Building,
                                                                                                                                                  Kota Jn,
                                                                                                                                                  Kota.
                                                                                                                                                  Pin - 324005





To,


Subject:


Dear Sir/Madam,

I take the pleasure of introducing myself to you and hope to forward for a rewarding and fruitful association with you.

I offer my candidature for above mentioned post in your esteemed organization. Given chance in your esteemed concern I assure you that I will work to the best of my abilities.

I am enclosing my Resume for your kind perusal and would like to contribute to your organization of esteem.



Thanking you in anticipation,


                                                                                                                          Yours Faithfully,


  (Shalabh Bhatnagar)









CURRICULUM VITAE




Shalabh Bhatnagar
Gender - Male
Nationality - Indian
Date of Birth - 13/9/1988
Marital Status - Single
Language Proficiency:  English, Hindi

Permanent Address:

IInd Rangpur Road,
Behind Govind Building,
Kota Jn,
Kota. (Rajasthan)
Pin - 324005


E-mail: shalabhbhatnagar007@gmail.com
Mobile no- +91-8094012191




CAREER OBJECTIVE:
Working in a competitive environment and implement my skills, knowledge and efforts into innovative and productive output that benefits organization and society.



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:



Education Qualification:
Course
Institute/College/School, Location
University/Board
Percentage
Year of Passing
MBA (Finance)
SINHGAD BUSINESS SCHOOL ,PUNE
Pune University

58%
2013
B Tech (EIC)
JNIT , Jaipur
Rajasthan Technical University
66%
2011
HSC
Anand Academy, Kota
RBSE
50%
2006
SSC
Bal Vidhalaya , Kota
RBSE
59%
2004



Experience :-

Officer- Branch In charge, Operations                                                            Oct 2013- Present
Adarsh Credit Co-Operative Society Ltd.

Key Roles handled 
1.   Data entry of cheques in OCTM, Clearing of Outward cheques through CTS.
2.   Suspension and regularization of outward, inward clearing zone.
3.   Opening and closing of saving, current, Deposit account.
4.   Ensure compliance with Banking rules, Regulations- & Procedures and Adherence to KYC
       Guidelines and clean note policy. Ensure outstanding rating in Audit
5.   Managing teller counters operations and welcome desk operations.
6.   Co-ordination with customer on daily basis and solve problem regarding Deposit. .
7.   Accepting transfer requests, RTGS, NEFT etc., from customers and ensuring the processing of the
      Same as per time lines.
8.   Checking of vouchers and numbered instruments to detect error at the time of inputting.
9.   Obtaining of Form 60 (PAN/ Form 60 needed for account opening), Form 15G,15H etc.
10. Accepting request for Term deposit issuance, renewal, closure including deposit loan and
       Providing TDS Certificates.
11. Recovery of locker rent as per time lines.
12. Managing Operations like A/c opening, FD, Lockers, Forex etc.
13. Cash Verification of LOCKER at least twice in weak.
14. Co-ordination to Atm reconciliation for chargeback claim.
15. Marking of cheques returns in ICTM.
16. verification of batch in OMINI.
17. Sending of return cheques to customer / branches.

Current CTC: 180000 + (incentive)  Expected CTC: 250000 Notice Period: 1 month Reason for Job Change: For better growth & increased responsibility in a new profile with better      learning. Current Location: Kota (Rajasthan)

SUMMER INTERNSHIP PROGRAM:

Post Graduation Project (MBA)
Organization: Helical Auto Technology India Pvt Ltd. Pune
Area of Study: “A study on ‘Stock Valuation And Management’ at Helical Auto Technology”

Duration: 2 months

Experience in Helical Auto Technology: In Helical I came to know the how to manage stock in organization by the various method like EOQ, VED & ABC Analysis method and also find the inventory control in store . it gave me an opportunity to observe the various aspects about organizational stock and management.




Graduation Project (B. Tech EIC)

Training Name	: Study about Relays, Switches and Electronics Equipments.
Instrumentation Limited  Kota 
Project Name	: Electronics and Instrumentation Deptt.
Team Size:    Two


TECHNICAL SKILL:

Computer Application: Microsoft Office package:
MS Word
MS Excel
PowerPoint


HR SKILL:

Optimistic & patient
Adaptive
Result oriented performance
Good team Player
Good communication skills

HOBBIES: Listening songs, PC Games, Cricket.

STRENGTH: Hardworking, Honest, Responsible, Leadership Capability


DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this application is factual and correct to the best of my Knowledge and belief.



Place:
Date:
(Shalabh Bhatnagar)

