AmitBatra
58-A, Surya Nagar, Agra    Phone: 9927055887   batraamit05@gmail.com


Marketing/Business Development (SME/Corporate Sales/Channel Sales)
6+ years of experience in Business Development, New Customer Acquisition, Revenue Generation, Client Servicing, Relationship Management, Enhancement of Revenues, Customer Relationship Building in the SME Sector.
Expert in the making strategies to develop business, conduct seminars with the industrial associations, channel partners & c.a.’s.

Skills

	•	Marketing Strategies & Campaigns                 Market Research
	•	Corporate Communications			Public & Media Relations
	•	Product Positioning & Branding		New Product Launch

Professional Experience

V.B.ENTERPRISES: V.B.ENTERPRISES is aAgra based Trading Company, handling the distribution of Stationery Products of Navneet Education Ltd., & Faber Castell (I) Pvt. Ltd.

Partner, 12/2013 to till date
To manage the overall tasks of the Company, starting from the sales generation followed by the delivery of goods, payment collection & inventory management.


Credit analysis & Research ltd., Agra- Also known as CARE Ratings, Established in 1993. India’s second largest credit rating agency with the rating volume of debt of around 45,901 bn (as on Dec-12). CARE Rating has also emerged as the leading agency for covering many rating segments like that for banks, sub sovereigns and IPO gradings.

Officer-Business Development, 9/2010 to 12/2013
Manage marketing and communications functions, develop marketing strategies to generate revenues, enhancement of revenues by various means. Direct brand management, PR, product launches, advertising.  Selected Accomplishments:
Enhanced company business from 0 to 50% market share.
Conducted seminars with the industrial associations to create awareness about the company as well as the product.
Advertised about the company in the industrial association directory to create the presence of the company.
Performed ongoing customer/market research and demographic profiling to identify new customers.



AmitBatra                                                                                               Page 2   batraamit05@gmail.com 

ONICRA Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd., Agra-One of India’s credit rating agencies
Business Development Executive, 5/2009 to 9/2010 

Selected Accomplishments:
Generation of leads
Generation of revenues
Enhancement of revenues


Crisil ltd., agra- Crisil is India’s first & global analytical company providing rating, research and risk & policy adivisory services. CRISIL’s majority shareholder is Standard & Poor’s S&P, a part of McGraw Hill Financial, is the world’s foremost provider of credit ratings.
Marketing Associate, 12/2007 to 4/2009
Selected Accomplishments:
Make close relations with NSIC Ltd. (A channel partner of Rating Agencies)
Created awareness about the presence of CRISIL in the market.
Conducted seminars in different cities like Agra, Firozabad, Kasganj, Mathura etc.


Education

UttarPradeshTechnicalUniversity, Lucknow
M.B.A (Marketing & Finance), 2010
R.B.S.College, Agra

Dr. BhimRaoAmbedkar University, Agra
B.Sc (Bachelor of Science) 2007
St. JohnsDegreeCollege, Agra

Certifications

AMFI Certified 

Personal Details
Date of Birth					: 05-Aug-1985
Marital Status					: Single






Date:										Signature:

