C U R R I C U L A M   V I T A E

K SUDHAKAR


Permanent Address:
                                                                                 
S/O SHEKHAR
H.No:2-62,
Relakunta(village),
Nallabelly(Mandal),
Warangal(Dt), A.P
Pin Code-506349.


Phone number:
  
+91-9963310901
       


Email id:

sudhakarkuchana@gmail.com
sudhakar49864@gmail.com




Address For Communication:

HNO: 4-33-268/1,
VENKATESWARA NAGAR,
J.GUTTA,BALANAGAR
TOWNSHIP
HYDERABAD-500037.

                                                                     
              
             
                                                                                                                                                                                                               

 

















Objective :	

          Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information Technology industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

Academic Record :

Master Of Computer Application (2008) 

	•	Under K.U University, Warangal, From S.V.S College by attaining 71%.

 B.Sc Computers : (2004)

	•	Under K.U University, Warangal from Aurora Degree College by attaining 59.44%. 

Board of Intermediate M.P.C: (2001)

	•	Under Board of Intermediate, AP from Nagabhairava junior College English Medium, Prakasam by attaining 66.1%. 

Board of Secondary Education:(1999)

	•	Under S.S.C, AP from ZPPS High School, Ghanpur by attaining 58.66%. 
.

   Technical Skills :


 Operating Systems
Windows XP, Windows 7,DOS,and Unix/Linux
 Packages
       Ms-Office, Oracle 
Programming languages	
       C, 
 Typing
       Completed Lower in English



































Strengths :
 
	•	Always owed with “can-do spirit”.
	•	Quick learner, resourceful, productive, and with good sense of humour.
	•	Hard worker while creative, enthusiastic and well organized.
	•	Interested in learning and developing new things.

Work Experience :
	•	I have been working as a Branch Head in Manappuram Finance Ltd. From 17-Sep-2010 to till the date.


























Personal Data:


Date of Birth   :05/02/1984

Gender            :  Male

Nationality      :  Indian-Hindu

Marital Status:  Married

Fathers Name:K SHEKHAR

Mothers Name: .LAKSHMI K

Languages     : English,Telugu,                         
                         Kannada &Hindi.                                                                                                            
Interests         : listening music, 
                          playing cricket                              Kabaddi,chess and reading books

Pan Card No  :   BEUPK5617J   




Job Profile  :	

      COMPANY NAME   : 	MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED
      POSITION                 :	BRANCH HEAD		

Customer   :	 
	•	
	•	Ensure that all customer complaints have been addressed on a daily basis by interacting with regional office; ensure that all complaints are described in the customer compliant register.
	•	Keep track of outstanding and overdue loans / payments and follow up with the concerned customers on repayment.

         
Internal Process  :	
	•	
	•	Conduct meetings with branch employees for 10-15 minutes every morning (about the issues related to the previous day /  about new circulars received from Head Office etc)
	•	Ensure that cashbook is properly maintained and updated.
	•	Prepare daily transaction list, trial balance, error report, cash account details, list of shares allotted and attendance report at the end of the day
	•	Verify physical cash balance at the end of the day and communicate the need for to concerned Regional Director on the same day
	•	Ensure personal presence at the time of shifting of gold pledges to strong room  at the end of the day for effective supervision
	•	Comply with the company’s auction procedure during auctions
	•	Ensure that KYC norms are strictly followed during transactions
	•	Ensure branch premises and security aspects (C.C camera) are suitably maintained.

Declaration :                      
	•	I am confident of my ability to work in a team     
	•	I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.         



Date:                                                                                    
Place: Hyderabad                                                            ( K SUDHAKAR)     (K.TULARAM)


