RESUME
VIJAY G DADHALE
PURNA SUGAR FACTORY LTD, BASMATH
DIST : HINGOLI -431512
MAHARASHTRA
MOB NO: 7798005919
EMAIL ID: vdadhale@gmail.com

About Me
A financial service professional having  flare for Sales, Marketing, Business Development, Client Relationship Management.
A competent professional with Three years in the field of Sales, Business Development.
A team player with ability to create a sprite of ream work environment to enhance profitability, innovatively for reputed business houses.
An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills and hospitality with ability to manage people on business negotiations about to conclude business deal.

Career Vision
To purse an innovation and challenging career in the field of Banking, Business Development or Operations Management where I can balance work and used my capabilities to meet the ends. My immediate goals is to look for a position in a leading organization and add optimum value by effectively applying my experience  to the functional as well as cross-functional deliverables.

Career Highlights
Since 19 Nov 2012 till yet, Business Development Executive- Axis Bank Ltd. At Hingoli

Job Accountabilities
	•	Responsible for the acquisition of CASA business in terms of number of accounts by achieving given monthly targets.(20 CASA account per months)
	•	Responsible for sourcing of quality value accounts and deepening in newly opened accounts.
	•	Generating fee income via cross selling of investment products viz., Life Insurance , General Insurance, Mutual Funds, Demat Accounts,… etc
	•	Strictly adhering to prescribed KYC norms while sourcing new customer relationship.
	•	To support Operations by helping them resolve rejections of forms by scrutiny.
	•	Maintaining a good relation with HNI clients for their retention and new acquisition.

Achievements
Achieved CASA NOA accounts budgets on regular basis.
Sourced approx.250 saving accounts and 50 current accounts till date.
Sold 5 lacs of Mutual Fund,2.5 Lacs in Life Insurance, 3 lacs in General Insurance
An active participant and winner in many business contests launched by central office or within branch.
Was successful in building a strong relation with almost 15 reputed CA’s in Hingoli for lead generation.
Organized Get to gather’s with CA customer whenever any new product for business banking was introduced.

Since April 2011 to Nov 2012 Co-Ex- HDFC SECURITIES AT BEED 
	•	Managing OTR accounts.
	•	Maintaining Daily Sales Reports.
	•	Handling CASA as core product.
	•	New client acquisition and servicing the clients.
	•	Strictly adhering to prescribed KYC norms while sourcing new customer relationship.
	•	Managing cross sale of General Insurance , Life Insurance, Mutual Funds.

Competencies/ Skills
Provide outstanding customer services.
Open and clear Communicator
Recognize and provide client needs
Able to work others to reach a resolution.
Educational Background 
Completed B.A. in 2008 from SRTM University Nanded Securing 44%
Completed H.S.C. in 2005 from Board of Aurangabad.
Completed S.S.C. in 2003 from Board of Aurangabad.

IT skills : MS-CIT.

Personal Profile
Name: Vijay G Dadhale
Father’s Name: Ganpat G Dadhale
Sex: Male
Marital Status: Single
Nationality: Indian
Hobbies: Playing Cricket, Watching T.V. and Listening Music
Date of Birth: 23-06-1987
Notice Period: 3 Months.
Place: Hingoli

         Vijay G Dadhale


               Signature
