RESUME

 
ULLAS GOYAL
Mobile: 	+91 9780927973
Email:		Goyalullas22@gmail.com     				
Location:	Behind Tehsil Road Durga Colony Samana 
                              Distt Patiala -147101

 
Objective:
Seeking a challenging and rewarding career as a professional where I can contribute my knowledge and skills for growth and development of the organization and to be able to implement solutions that meet the customer requirements using my variety of creative marketing  skills and technical expertise.

Job Profile:
	•	Working as a SALES OFFICER in HDFC Bank ltd.

 Experience:      
	•	TWO years  experience in HDFC Bank as a Sales Officer.


Computer Proficiency: 
	•	Operating Systems: DOS, Windows 98, 2000, XP, Windows 2003, Vista, Window 7.


Qualifications:
	•	10th from S.D Model High School, Samana (PSEB Board) With 55% in 2007
	•	Senior Secondary from Public Collegiate Senior Secondary School, Samana (PSEB Board) With 60% in 2009

Professional Qualifications:
	•	B.A Course passed from Public College Affiliated to Punjabi  University, Patiala, completed in May 2012 with 46% marks.
	•	MBA From KSOU (Pursuing)

Language Proficiency:
	•	Good Written and verbal skills in English, Hindi & Punjabi.

Strengths:
	•	 Positive attitude, Team oriented, Presentation skills, Fast and Self learner, Hard working, Creative,      Believe in taking initiative, Willing to learn new things, Go getter ship.
	•	Strong believer in team work, building cordial relation with people inside and outside the organization, innovative solutions for difficult  problems, Flare of Innovative Marketing.
 



Personal Details:

Father’s Name                                  Mr.Kamaljeet Kamal

Mother’s Name                                Mrs.Anju Goyal

Date of Birth                                      21 Nov. 1991

Marital Status                                    Single

Gender                                                Male

Nationality                                          Indian




Declaration:

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and that I shall be solely responsible for any discrepancies. 




Date:
Place:                                                            

                                                                                                                                               (ULLAS GOYAL)
