CHANDNI MEHTA
8460588192
Chandni.mehta11@gmail.com


CAREER OBJECTIVE

I want to work for an organization or an institute in a capacity where I can apply my leadership quality, managerial and coordinating ability towards the company’s and individual growth.

STRENGTHS
	•	Good communication skills
	•	Confidence
	•	go better attitude
	•	 Faster grasping power
	•	good presentation skill Objective and Career Goal
PERSONAL DETAILS
Name
Chandni Mehta
City
Ahmedabad
Telephone No’s
8460588192
E – mail
Chandni.mehta11@gmail.com
Date of Birth
11/11/1986
Sex
Female
Marital Status
Single
Languages Known
English, Hindi, Gujarati
Hobbies
Travelling, Listening Music, Freelance writing
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
Degree
University/ School
BCA
Successfully completed from Jyoti Nivas College, Bangalore University
PUC
Successfully completed from Jyoti Nivas College, Bangalore University
SSC
Successfully completed from Delhi Public School, CBSC
A1 Level
Successfully completed from Scope, Affiliated with Cambridge Univ.






JOB EXPERIENCES

	•	Worked with Fiat for 3 month summer internship.
	•	Worked with Maini Group for 3 months summer internship.
	•	Worked with 2 years with Maruti for Part time handling extended warranty.
	•	Worked with Jet Airways as a Cabin Crew for 6 months.
	•	Worked with Volkswagen- Part of Landmark Group, Ahmedabad as ASM for 4 years. (Certified from VW)
	•	Worked with Benchmark cars Mercedes Benz as ASM for 8 Months



Co-curricular Activities

	•	Participated in Annual College Fest for Face Painting and Ad Effects.
	•	Participated in Group Activities for Presentation and debates. 
	•	Participated in Camel Drawing competition for several years.
	•	Won best student award for excellence in performance in higher secondary. 


TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES 
Well versed with all MS Office applications like Excel, Word, Power Point, etc.


I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. In the event I am selected, I shall endeavour to discharge my duties to the entire satisfaction of the business.

Chandni Mehta

























































