

Ankur Khare
Tel:- 8756887978					Mailing address: 7/9/10 GANDHI NAGAR NAKA
E-mail: ankurkhare1989@gmail.com              				      FAIZABAD, U.P.
							


Objective: A management degree holder seeking a challenging and rewarding position in the field of Marketing & Information Technology, to maximize the productivity of self and the Company.

Highlights

	•	Computer skills: MS Word, Excel, Power point, Outlook, Operating system.
	•	Language proficiency: English, Hindi.
	•	A marketing and information technology major, having working experience in field of sales & marketing.
	•	A highly talented individual, having excellent organizing and leadership qualities.


Work Experience

ICICI Bank ltd							24 SEP 2012-Currently Associated
Current account & Saving account
 Junior Officer,  Faizabad
	•	Generate leads for all banking products like LI, Gold Loan, Home Loan, Car Loan, cc limit,  CASA, FD, SIP
	•	Generate float, business banking product and services for customer.
	•	Educate customer for digital banking.
	•	Making customer reliability and trust towards the organization.
	•	Driving full effort with the team for generating maximum revenue for the organization.
	•	Complete documentation and make relationship for status update and achieve targets.

Achievements: - 1. One of the top  Junior OFFICER in the region.
		   


Education
Master of Commmerce(MAY 2012)			    
(Specialized in Accounting)     
Dr. R.M.L Avadh University Faizabad, 

Bachelor of Commerce (2010)
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad,
       
Intermediate(2007)
Government Inter College Faizabad 

High School (2005)
Government Inter College Faizabad 



Interest & Activities 
Keen interest in marketing subject, reading computer magazine and net surfing to readily get the new information and update myself, traveling.



Personal Skill
Friendliness dependability, good team worker, dead line oriented.


Skill
Technical Skill:- Assembling, installation and good command on office packages.


PERSONAL DETAIL
Father’s Name			: Mr. Bhupendra  Khare
DOB					: 11-January-1990
Strength				: Positive Attitude, Good Communication,
					  Punctual, Self Motivation, Confident, Hard Working and can 
  work with team.



Date:- 
Place:- Faizabad	                                                                                                         Ankur Khare



