Resume
Name: SANJAY RAJPUT				
Email ID: sanjay_sun90@ymail.com
Contact No:  09827818153
	
  Current Profile


My current profile is of an Assistant Manager at CapitalVia Global Research Limited in Indore. The profile involves not only meeting the sales targets but it also involves motivating the team members, making strategies for target achievement with the team consisting of 12 members.

Objective

Looking forward to be a part of an organization, where I can utilize my experience and managerial skills for the attainment of the organizational objectives, seeking challenging opportunities in my work environment that lead to professional growth, specifically in the field of marketing and sales.
  Work Experience








	•	Two years and 2 Months experience as an Assiatant Manager at CapitalVia Global Research Limited  
	•	Two years and 2 Months experience as a Customer Support Officer in MPHASIS(an HP Company) INDORE (M.P.).
Professional Qualification




	•	Pursuing MBA with specialization in marketing from Sikkim Manipal University (SMU)
	•	B.Com from D.A.V.V. Indore.
	•	Passed 12th with M.P. Board Bhopal with 78%.
	•	Passed 10th with M.P. Board Bhopal with 76% from SaraswatiVidhyaMandir, Shujalpur, Dist– Shajapur (M.P).Work Experience


Technical skills

	•	D.C.P.A. (Diploma in Computer Programming & Application) from AISECT.
	•	Basic Knowledge of Computer and MS- Office.

Hobbies



















	•	Listening Soft Music: It relaxes me and gives the energy and zeal to take up to new challenges with renewed enthusiasm.
	•	Socializing: Helps me meet new people, make contacts, developing relations and understanding them in person.


Personal Information

Father’s Name		     : Mr. DevisinghRajput.	
Date of Birth		    	     : 10.04.1990.
Nationality		 	     :  Indian	
Marital Status		     	     :  Single 	
Communication address       	      :  Mr. Sanjay S/O. Devisingh Rajput.
Vill-Jethada, Post-Dehendi, Teh-Shujalpur, Dist-Shajapur
                                                       (M.P.) 465333.
Languages known                           : English, Hindi.


Declaration -
I do hereby declare that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.


				
Place: Indore						
Date:  28/01/2015						Sanjay Rajput

