
BOVIN.R

E- mail

 bovinr91us@gmail.com

Contact Number

 +91-9746300863

Present Address

Sreenivas,

Mullampadam,

Vadavannur-Post,

Palakkad-Distt.

Kerala- 678504




Permanent Address

Sreenivas,

Mullampadam,

Vadavannur-Post,

Palakkad-Distt.

Kerala- 678504

Personal Data

Father’s Name
   : Ramakrishnan
Date of Birth
: 27-09-1990
Sex
 : Male
Nationality
: Indian
Marital Status
: Single


Languages known : English, Malayalam,






Passport No.
: K4041289


Date of expiry
    :01-07-2022













 





Career Objective


	•	To be associated with a progressive and creative organization that provides better scope to utilize my skills and knowledge which offers professional expertise, oriented for the progress of both organization and individual.

Skills

	•	Transferable

Excellent rapport builder and Enthusiastic listener.

	•	Self-Management

Innovative, Resourceful, Self-confident and Optimistic. 

	•	Computer Skills

	•	Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.
	•	Advance Excel, Tally.


Strengths

	•	Quick learner and highly adept to grasp complexity and deliver results in demand setting. 

	•	Team player with exceptional motivational skills. 

	•	Highly committed and self confident with outstanding soft skills. 

	•	Smart worker 



Academic Profile


Post Graduation: 
	•	Master of Business Administration – Human Resources & Marketing from Happy Valley Business School, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu (Anna University, Chennai) with an aggregate of 62% marks (2014)

Graduation: 
	•	Bachelor of Science- Electronics & Communication system from AJK College of Arts & Science, Coimbatore, with an aggregate of 60% marks (2012)

Schooling: 
	•	12th in BSS HSS(State syllabus), Kollengode, Palakkad with 67% marks (2009).
	•	 10th in Chinmaya Vidyalaya  Kollengode(CBSE), Palakkad with 55% marks (2007).



Training Programs Attended

	•	Did INTERNSHIP in EASUN REY ROLLE LTD, Bengaluru as part of academic curriculum. 
	•	Did Advance Diploma in H R Management at AJAX MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTS Pvt. Ltd, Bengaluru.


 Project Details


Title: A study on the impact of employee job satisfaction and intention to quit at NXG       Technologies Chennai.

Duration: 3 Months

Brief Description: Exposure to the employees in managerial positions which helped to gain knowledge about the organizational policies and system as well as the job satisfaction level of the employees. It ameliorated knowledge in Human Resource and helped to get along with diversified people which enhanced people oriented skills.


 Interest and Activities


	•	Participated in State-Level and District Level athletic meets and won numerous prizes.
	•	Driving, Travelling and exploring varied life cultures around the world.
	•	Listening music. 

	•	Had actively participated in cultural events at school and college level.


 Declaration

I hereby declare that the given above information are true to the best of my knowledge and belief and can be supported with reliable documents when needed.







Palakkad .	         	

____/____/2015 			  (BOVIN. R)


