Almaz
APPLICATION LETTER

Email: almaz.lohani2012@gmail.com	
                                                                                                                                                		                                                                              To  : vasana (shebhar)
                                                                                                      Ta  : vadgam							                                          Dist : Banaskantha (B.K)

                                                                                                      Pin code : 385421                                                   
                                                                                                      Mo-9824250842
Dear sir or madam,

Please accept this letter of application and the accompanying Curriculum Vitae as an expression of my interest in a position with your organization.     		
          As my Curriculum Vitae indicate, I will receive a master degree in Master of Business administration (MBA).With Human Resource Management (HR) from Gujarat Technological University (GTU). I would like to begin my career with an organization when my performance can help organization to achieve the strategic objective and thus help me grow the organization.
           I have acquired a sound overall knowledge of leading edge Human Resource Management Industrial Relation, Labour Welfare & Labour Laws.	
           My personal attributes include leadership, sound judgment Communication Skills & Positive Attitude. I interact productively with people from diverse backgrounds. 
           I am sure  I will  make  significant  contribution  to your organization, and I would like to take  the opportunity  to meet with you to discuss how my education and abilities can be utilized in your organization.

           Thank you for your consideration. I look forward your response.

		
			Sincerely,
                                                                                                                Almazkhan s lohani
Enclose: c.v.

                             CURRICULUM VITAE
Almazkhan . s  lohani.
Contact information
Address :    To:  Vasana (shebhar)
       Ta : Vadgam
                  Dist: Banashkantha.
                  Pin: 385421
                  Mo: :+91-9824250842

E-mail ID    almaz.lohani2012@gmail.com

Career Objective
To pursue challenging career in Human Resource (H.R) that utilizes my inherent skills in
Leadership Ability and Innovative methods to produce time bound results which are effective
to achieve objectives of the Organization ensuring all round developments on long-term basis.


Personal Particulars
Date of birth		:	04/06/1989
Gender                          :             Male
Nationality		:	Indian 
Religion/cast		:	Muslim
Marital status	:	Unmarried
Hobby			: 	Music, Reading.
Languages know	:	English Hindi and Gujarati. 


	Educational Qualifications	
M.B.A (HR) – 2014 from Patel Group of Institution, Mehsana
      B.com             with second class in March-2011
      H.S.C             with first Class from GSHEB, Gandhinagar in March-2008
      S.S.C              with Second from GSEB, Gandhinagar in March-2006
	
Computer Skill
	•	 MS-Office (Word, Power Point, Excel.) 
	•	Internet
	•	Microsoft  office outlook


Experience 
	•	Fresher

                                      Summer training project report

Organization
Duration
 Projects Undertaken
 (1)Ratnmani Techno Cast.Ltd.
      Chhatral(Kalol)

1  Month



, “A PROJECT REPORT ON "TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT" AT RATNAMANI TECHNO CASTS. LTD.



Key Skills
.
	•	Positive Attitude
	•	Hard working.
	•	Motivate by New Challenge.   


                                 Learning During The Project

	•	Handling entire monthly payroll process, attendance and maintain leave record.
	•	Respond to employee queries on polices/processes especially salaries related issue.
	•	Manage the end to end process for  Employees Identity card and Food Coupon
	•	Introduction of all kinds of  necessary HR Formats like Appointment letters/Offer letters/Exit interview Form etc
	•	Manage Bio metric Attendance Application for Employee.



Declaration
I declare that the above information furnished by me is true to the best of my     knowledge and will present original document whenever asked for						

  DATE:                                                                                    (Almazkhan  , S lohani)




						
