 Rukhsana     Marketing    Operation
Objective
Intend to start-up a career in the area of  Marketing in a reputed organization, with a passion for creating value, where I can excel through my marketing and management knowledge and utilize my Interpersonal Management, Communication, Analytical and planning skills in system. 

Degree/class
College/ School
University/ Board
Year
Percentage
Pursuing PGDM
Siva Sivani Institute Of Management, Secunderabad
Autonomous
2014
CGPA 6.8/10
B.TECH
Hyderabad institute of technology and management
JNTU University
2013
67%
XII
Kendriya Vidyalaya Begumpet (AFS)
CBSE
2009
60%
X
Kendriya Vidalaya, Dinjan (Assam)
CBSE
2007
77 %

Summer Internship                                                                    26th May 2014 – 5th June 2014  
Market Researcher    Marketing Department                  Sharp business systems 


SHARP BUSINESS SYSTEMS INDIA PVT LTD
Project Title : buying behaviour and market share of the office automation product(Printers)

On-the-job Training: Market survey to build customer data base and generate leads for the sharp business system.

	•	Provided data base from 50 Hospitals 

 Leanings: Interpersonal skill, Market analysis, team work and relationship building 

Achievements: Generated 32 leads among 50 companies.

	•	

	•	. Received an appreciation letter from my company guide .

Academic Projects 

PRISM INSTITUTE
Mini project: real time car battery monitoring system : This project is designed to know the voltage level of a battery from the number of LEDs that are glowing. 
Main project : Wireless sensor network in localization in emerging application: The project describes a radio frequency-based and zigbee based system for location identification and tracking. 

Extra- Curricular Achievements
SSIM(PG)
	•	Certificate of Business analytics workshops conducted by IIT Kanpur           2014
HITAM(UG)
	•	Won the first prize in badminton competition and Rewarded as’ HITAM IDOL’ in a singing competition.
District level runner
	•	District level runner in 2k run.

Skills 
Technical Skill
	•	Operating System : MS Windows XP, Windows 7 and Windows 8
	•	Office Works/ Tools : MS word, MS excel and MS power point
Key Skill
	•	 Adaptability, creativity and interpersonal skill.
Language known 
	•	English, Hindi, Urdu and  Telugu
Address:  J N RAMES, C/O K.M KHAN, H.NO-6-210/8, BHUDEVI NAGAR, ALWAL, Telengana
Email: rukhsana.2t3a@ssim.ac.in    PHONE : 9705385217   DOB: 29TH September 1990   

