RITESH SASANKAR
Qtr No. 1/7, VHB Colony, Raghuji nagar 
Nagpur, Maharashtra  Pin Code No. 440024
Mobile: +91 9970468957
E-mail: riteshsasankar@gmail.com


CAREER OBJECTIVE
To be involved in work where I can utilize skill and creatively involved with system that effectively contributes to the growth of the organization.


     Qualification
Institution
year
University/ Board
Percentage/Pointers

MBA-Mktg
Vishwakarma  Institute of  Management, Pune
2013
University of Pune
58%

BBA-Mktg
Kamla Nehru College, Nagpur
2011
RTM Nagpur Uni.
62%

Higher Secondary
Tiny Tots H.S.School  Seoni
2006
MPBSE BOARD
63%

Secondary
Sanjuba  High.School Nagpur
2004
MSBSE BOARD
70.26%

PROFESSIONAL  EXPERIENCE
Rushabh Honda Motors Pvt Ltd, Nagpur
Designation
Consultant-Sales
Duration
1st May 2013 to 1ST May 2014
Description
	•	Proficient in developing business for the organization, identify business opportunities & generating business plans to achieve the same & locate clients in targeted segments to secure profitable business.
	•	Plan and conceptualize various strategies to achieve business goals for sales aimed towards the growth in business volumes as well as profitability in order to achieve the set targets. 
	•	Develop competitive business development for Premium vehicles and sales strategy, uncovering/ creating new opportunities, identifying dynamic and flexible solutions.  
	•	Provide after sales services to the clients while ensuring timely service delivery as well as collections from the clients. Manage the distribution system of the company and maintaining smooth operations across the units. 
	•	Establish corporate goals, short/ long term budgets and developing business plans for the achievement of goals  
	•	Spearheading all efforts to achieve targets related to Finance (Car Loan), Vehicle Insurance, Value added services (Extended Warranty, RSA, Anti-rust, Zero Deprecation, Clay bar & Service packages) & Accessories
	•	Make fact-based decisions regarding marketing strategy to develop the product as a brand while designing effective and cost-efficient implementation programs based on Customer, Competitive and Industry & Company Analysis. Manage & develop overall expansion strategy.
	•	Lead and motivate team members; set out performance parameters/ deadlines and conduct need based training programs to enhance skill sets, and to create in-depth awareness of the process.


PROJECT 
Title
Study of Product Awareness and Investment Pattern of Sharekhan Limited, Nagpur

Description
	•	Acquisition of Demat accounts (Equity & Commodity).
	•	Cross sale of third party wealth management products MF, IPO, Forex & Insurance.
	•	Business Development & Promotion.
	•	Generate leads through field visit and cold calling. 

 
SKILL SET
Computer Skills
MS Office and Internet
Professional Skills
Selling, Marketing & Customer relationship


INTERESTS& ACTIVITIES
	•	Reading
	•	Travelling


PERSONAL DETAILS
Strength
  Positive Attitude,Organized Person,Team work
Date of Birth
  13 November 1988
Languages Known
  English , Hindi & Marathi
Father’s Name
  Mr Omprakash Sasankar
Current Address
  Qtr no. 1/7 VHB Colony Raghuji nagar opposite Bal Hanuman Temple    Nagpur 440024 Maharashtra
   


DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above stated information is true to date and to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Nagpur 							Ritesh  Sasankar
