
Resume

Objectives

My professional objective is to attain a responsible position in a dynamic organization and become an efficient and effective part of the organization.

Strengths

	•	Sincere hardworking determined and challenge loving
	•	Posses’ professional attitude in the problem solving
	•	Strong believes in teamwork
	•	Good convincing power

Academics

	•	Passed B.B.A from I.P.E.M Ghaziabad (2007)
	•	Passed 12th  from Commerce stream from C.B.S.E Board  (2004)
	•	Passed 10th from C.B.S.E Board (2002)

Professional Qualification 

	•	Business correspondent & Facilitator- Banking, Financial services and Insurance (BFSI) Sector Skill Council of India. Certified by NATIONAL SKILL DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION.

Working Experiences


Life Insurance Corporation of India–


         Role:  Financial Services Executive
         Working Since: (Aug 2013 to 20, Dec 2013)
      Reporting;  Marketing Officer



Indusind Bank Limited–

Role: Relationship Officer
         Working Since: (Jan 2014 to Aug 2014)
         Reporting; Branch Sales Manager

Yes Bank Limited–

Role:  Client Relationship Partner 
         Working Since: (Aug 2014 to Till Date)
         Reporting; Branch  Manager


Awards & Achievements


	•	Qualifier in Zonal Head Exclusive Club on NTB March,2014 and get certificate of Appreciation from IndusInd Bank Limited.






Summer Training Experiences

	•	6 Weeks summer training in “STANDARD CHARTED BANK“ as a trainee sales executive .




Personal Details

About Me	: 	I am a disciplined, hardworking, innovative, and competent individual. Always having advocated teamwork with good inter-personnel communication skills, I have succeeded in being a result-oriented professional. My ethics help me give due preference to the requirements of the organization I work for, which often provides challenges and pressures to the assignments- much to my liking. I am reasonably social and easily blend with diverse personalities, making me fit in any organization/team without much difficulty. 

Date of Birth	:	25th April 1986


Marital Status		:	Married


Permanent Address	:	House No-199 , Sector-56, Gurgaon, (Haryana), Pin-122011.                                                                                                                                 
Ph—+91 9871215846

Hobbies 			:	Reading, Net Surfing, Travelling and Interacting with people.                                      
	


Anil Kumar



