APURVA PANDYA
Cell: (+91) 9887778859 | E-mail: apurvajpandya@ymail.com


Professional Objective
Ambitious, Curious and enthusiastic professional achieving consistent result and     developing strong working relationships with customers, channel partners and internal teamplayers; seeking assignment in:
@SALES , @BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, @CHANNEL SALES.





Secondary from Rajasthan bord of secondary education 
Pass from govt. Secondary school karawara with IInd Division 

Senior Secondary from Rajasthan bord of secondary education 
Pass from govt. Secondary school Simalwara  with IInd Division 

BSC. IT (Eastern Institute for Integrated Learning in Management)
Pass from Platinum collage of Education Ist  Division
 
Pass from govt. Secondary school Simalwara  with IInd Division 




EDUCATION


SYNOPSIS
												
5+ Year experience in sales. Working in Channel sales from last 2.10 Year.
Currently handle 5 Million's Business per month.

Expertise in Channel Sales & Business Developing. Good to maintain best service of my organisation in market and developing new teams.

Accelerating growth and achieving desired goals of organization

WORK EXPERIENCE

Currently working in Hcl Infosystem LTD. as Sales Officer  Form  June. 2015 

JOB PROFILE										
• Responsible for overall territory business planning & execution.  • End to end market responsibility with complete set of customers / retailers.  • Owner of complete revenue targets for the distribution/ retail partners for devices and gears.  • Complete ownership of all business systems & processes execution for territory assigned.  • Responsible for increasing volume per outlet (VPO).  • Execution of all sales & marketing inputs.  • Ownership of promoter outlets and other business avenues.  • Responsible for sharing & updating data as part of automation initiatives.  • Build and manage partner (RDS/MD/Retail) relationships and gauge new opportunities.  • People Management & Development  • Responsible for manpower training, development, productivity.  • Responsible to support the Promoter Network.  • Abide by the law of land.  • Functional ability in sales / sales ops/ trade marketing o Sales math & sales knowledge o Market knowledge & distribution hygiene  • Energy o Self confidence o Optimistic style  • Edge o Potential to move up multiple levels o Analytical ability & conceptual thinking  • Execute o Speed of decision making o Time management  • Culture Fit o Clarity of HCL culture and role and collaborative working in the current environment.										

IDEA CELLULAR SERVICES LTD. as Sr.Territory Sales Executive   Form  Aug. 2014 To April 2015

JOB PROFILE
Responsible for overall prepaid business operation in rural markets.
Achievement of primary, secondary, activation including document collection & recharge targets.
Handle distributor stock, sales and schemes and field operations.
Work in retail market daily on beats with DSE and Distributors.
Ensure Trade scheme implementation, monitoring and benefits disbursements.
Develop retail market ensuring depth and width of retailing in the territory.
Maintain good trade relation for ensuring idea’s higher share of business.
Resolve trade issues, complaints and rectify operational inefficiencies.
Maintain idea visibility at the peak in all retail outlets throughout the market 
Track and maintain sales/activation trends and required MIS for the territory.
Planning and co-ordination of every new town launch activities

SHRI SHAKTI SPICES As sales & marketing manager Form dec.12 to July 2014

JOB PROFILE 
Channel & distribution Management 
Achieve sales targets and providing Customer service
Supporting and managing a marketing team
Studying competitors' products and services
Identifying target markets and developing strategies to communicate with them
Liaising with other internal departments such as sales and distribution  Relationship Management for a Portfolio of customers

ASSR Education NGO as manager from Dec. 2009 to Dec. 2012

JOB PROFILE 
  Achieve targets and providing Customer service Relationship Management for a Portfolio of customers
  Cost Management and staff productivity
  Review all critical reports, monitor cash levels, fraud control, etc


Computer skills


Knowledge about hardware, networking and basic computer.
Microsoft office, adobe Page maker ,adobe Photoshop, operating system.


skills and interests  



Self Motivated, Hard Working, Goal oriented, Good communication skills ability to deal with people.
Reading, web browsing, Music, Automobile and Bike Riding  

Personal Information   




Name   			: 	APURVA J. PANDYA
Address			:	26, Gokul Village sec. 9
					Udaipur Dist. Udaipur (Raj)			
DOB			:	28th July 1986
Languages known		:	Hindi, English and Gujrati
E-mail			:	 apurvajpandya@ymail.com  
Declaration



      


 I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is authentic and true to the best of my Knowledge and belief. Given an opportunity, I assure you to full fill my duties to the best my ability and to your satisfaction. 





Place : Udaipur                                                                                     Your Sincerely, 
                                                                                               
                                                                                                                Apurva Pandya
