CURRICULUM VITAE


B-48, 3rd floor
Chattarpur Enclave 2

Chattarpur
New Delhi
Tel: +91 8588838862
E-mail: Sharma.nishantt22@gmail.com

NISHANT SHARMA

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

1	Aimed strongly in achieving a high valued life on the spirit of true efforts and sincerity.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

Year of
Exam
Name of Board /
Name of
Percentage
passing

University
Institute /
(%)



College

2003
Class 10th
CBSE
Guru Tegh Bahadur
68%



Public School,




Meerut






2005
Class 12th
CBSE
Guru Tegh Bahadur
64%

(Science

Public School,


Stream)

Meerut






2006
B.A
CCS UNIVERSITY
Private
60%

First Year



2007
B.A
CCS UNIVERSITY
Private
62%

Second year



2008
B.A
CCS
Private
60%

Third Year
UNIVERSITY



CURRENT ACADEMIC STATUS

2	Graduate from CCS UNIVERSITY.


COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE:


	•	Proficient in verbal & written English. 

	•	Proficient in MICROSOFT OFFICE. 

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES / ACHIEVEMENTS:

	•	Participated in National level Table Tennis tournament held in Talkatora Stadium, New Delhi 

	•	Represented Uttar Pradesh Table Tennis team for national tournament held in Lucknow 

	•	Participated and Won many Awards at School and Inter School level DEBATEs. 



WORK EXPERIENCE :

Working With American Express – Consumer Cards (3rd Party) as Relationship officer from 17-Feb-2014 Till Date.

	•	Working in the most compliant environment making sure the documents provided by the client are authentic and taking the full ownership of the authenticity of the documents provided by the client. 

	•	Making sure no non compliant behavior is demonstrated in any manner. 
	•	Smoothly processing the KYC documents of the customer application. 

	•	Making sure the quality of the ISA provided by the client is appropriate for further processing. 

	•	Meeting the monthly targets and generate revenues for the bank. 

	•	Taking care of the documentation provided by the customer and making sure that the documents provided are with adherence of the kyc guidelines laid down by the organization. 
	•	Seeking for the approvals from the concern managers for the specific waivers. 
	•	Maintain the records of the clients for any pending documents. 

	•	Taking part in day to day operational and marketing assignments to enrich the knowledge. 


Worked With Oasis Resource Management Pvt. Ltd. From 03-Jan-2013 – 17-Feb-2014. As a Client Relationship Manager.

Job Responsibilities:

	•	Generate Revenue and oversee day to day operations of branches of the Company. 

	•	Comprehensive knowledge of all products including overseas student permits, business investment programs in Canada, residency guidance Canada, study permit filling, immigrations products etc of our industry and implement on day to day operations. 

	•	Handling the entire documentation for the smooth processing of the visa applications. 

	•	Documents verification and filing the documents on day to day basis. 

	•	Responsible for Company budgeting, marketing, sales, revenues, training, recruitment of IELTS faculty and new employees. 

	•	Manage the teams and help them, motivate them, drive them to generate and achieve the desired targets. 


	•	Accountable for compliance and making sure no fraudulent or illegal activity may happen. 

	•	Making sure the compliance is met by close monitoring and checking the authenticity of the documents provided by the applicants. 

	•	Interview the clients, students, check the entire document required for filling purposes. 




Worked With Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. As a Deputy Manager Retail Liabilities from the period of October 2009 to April 2011.

Key Responsibilities : Operrations

	•	Handling entire gamut of task involved in of smooth service to ensure compliant free operation as well as ensuring compliance with requirements under various different acts governing banking regulations. 

	•	Adhering 100% compliance to the process/procedures of the bank and ensuring compliance with the latest circulars and notifications. 

	•	Handling the customers for their day to day banking requirements such as statement generation, checkbook issuance, funds transfer, remittances, new a/c opening and closure. 

	•	Locker operations. 
	•	Level one authorizer for teller/so. 

	•	Profiling and documents verification of the accounts sourced by the sales team. Getting the FI done if required to ensure the compliance is met at all times. 

	•	Maintaining the inward clearing and CTS. 

	•	Calling customers for fund requirements against the instrument drawn on their account. 

Customer Relationship:

	•	Understanding the customer requirements and providing the detailed resolution to the customer queries and complaints. 

	•	Generate business of the bank by cross selling the various products of the bank and also the TPP products as per the need of the customers. 

	•	Making sure that the customer gets the resolution within the given TAT at all times. 

	•	Understanding the requirements of the customer and provide the resolution in the best possible and complaint manner. 



Worked With Serco Bpo As a Business Development Executive For the process of American Express 360 D from the period of April 2008 to October 2009.

Job Responsibilities :

Working on pre approved data provided by the backend selling American Express Kingfisher First Credit Card.

Calling customers and confirming the appointment, giving presentations to the customer on the product and closing the deal.

Meeting high profile HNI clients with a net worth of more than 50 Lacs. Meeting the monthly targets.


STRENGHTS AS AN EMPLOYEE:

	•	Focused and self driven.  
	•	A team player.  
	•	Believes in generating maximum output from the available resources.  
	•	  Understands the importance of relation with the client in benefit to the company.  

	•	  Maintains healthy relationship with the customers till date.  

	•	Always looking for the new mantras to improve the value of the company and of myself as well.  


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

1
Father’s Name
:
Mr. Avinash Kr. Sharma
2
Occupation
:
Service (Retd.)
3
Mother’s Name
:
Mrs. Sudha Sharma
4
Date of Birth
:
03th Feb 1987
5
Nationality
:
Indian
6
Marital Status
:
Single



Date:	(Signature)

