CURRICULUM VITAE
                            		    Vijay Prakash                                              
                                      
                                   Sector – 44, Noida (U.P)
MBA                                                        Mob No: 08860651365
(MARKETING& FINANCE)                             E-mail id: - knp.vijay@gmail.com

Career Objective:

To work in a competitive and multi-disciplinary environment and to progress continuously by creating a position for my organization and myself.


Experience
More than 3 years’ experience in insurance industry in Bancassurance channel

1: Currently working in Kotak life Insurance as Sales Manager (Bancassurance) from June 2012 to till date

    Roles and Responsibilities
	•	Achieving sales target of branch with BM and bank staff.
	•	Motivating staff for selling life insurance and qualify in contest.
	•	Arrange Training for staff on product and selling skills.
	•	Responsible for renewal premium collection. 
	•	Resolving queries and complaint of existing clients.
	•	Provide after sale service to clients.

2: Worked in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co. Ltd.  As a Associate 
    Financial Services Manager (AFSM) From Jan 2011 to June 2012.

    Roles and Responsibilities
	•	Achieving sales target of branch with BM and bank staff.
	•	Motivating staff for selling life insurance and qualify in contest.
	•	Arrange Training for staff on product and selling skills.
	•	Resolving queries and complaint of existing client.
	•	Provide after sale service to client.

Skill Set                                                                                                                                                                                                      

1. Quantitative skill
2. Planning skill
3. Analytical skill
4. Presentation skill

 
Professional Qualifications:

1: MBA (Marketing & Finance) from JPIET, Meerut (2008-2010)


Technical Qualifications:

Basic knowledge, Proficient in MS office (Excel/word/power point), Photoshop expert
Typing speed -25 wpm

Academic Qualifications:                                                                               

Class/Degree                   :	B.A 
University		          :  	C.S.J.M. Kanpur University	

University/Board     	:	Intermediate, U.P. Board 

University/Board 	          :	High School, U.P. Board 

Summer training

Summer training done in Supreme Industries Ltd. Phase- 2, Noida for 2 months
On the topic “Quality control for effective production”.
        
Personal Details:

	Father's Name    	: Mr. Awadhesh Kumar
	Date of Birth    		: 17-Oct-1983
             Nationality     		: Indian
	   Language			 : Proficiency in English & Hindi, written and spoken 
        Gender                       	 : Male
        Marital status   		 : Married
       	 
  Permanent Address                          :  Vill-Moosanagar 
                                                		    Post- Moosanagar 
                                                		    Dist-Kanpur Dehat (U.P.)
                                     		 

Extra Curricular Activities:

Hobbies & Interest: Playing Chess, Editing of Photos,

Declaration:
	
I hereby certify that the information furnished above is authentic & complete to the best of my knowledge & belief.




Date:
Place:			                                                             (VIJAY PRAKASH)



