Ashish Madhok
WZ -94A Om Vihar                                         E-Mail: madhok.ashish@gmail.com
Uttam Nagar, 
New Delhi-110088                                           Phone: 9311113368, 9990944826

Work Experience Summary:-

	•	Having 7+ Years of Total Work Experience.
	•	Have worked with HDFC BANK as Junior Officer.
	•	Have worked with CITI Bank as Senior Officer.
	•	Have worked with Caretel as Sr. Team Leader.
	•	Presently working with Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training as Assistant Manager.
	
Professional Experience:

Organization              Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess & Training (April’11 – Till Date)

Designation		Assistant Manager

Job Profile
Handling Outbound, Inbound and collection processes with a span                   on 100 agents and 8 team leaders. Responsible for Setting call centre and customer service targets. Ensuring staff adherence in terms of Staffing, log in time, Aux, wrap, hold, break time, idle time and doing monitoring through CRM tools. Also sending hourly report to management in terms of performance and shift adherence. Coaching, and motivating team at pace. Randomly monitoring calls to ensure that quality standards are high. Managing data through both modes of dialer. Managing staff reward and incentive schemes. Ensuring that all staff is kept informed of new working practices and technological changes. Keeping a close eye on staff turnover, absenteeism and overtime. Managing a large team of staff from diverse backgrounds. Attending weekly meeting to review progress and any problems. Giving centre staff feedback on their performance. Coordinating with other department heads to ensure effective working in all aspect of process like hiring, Training and Quality management. Preparing process reports on daily basis.
Organization              CARETEL   (May, 10 – April, 11)
Designation		Team Leader
Job Profile                 Working for the “Times Jobs” PILOT process as Team Leader dealing in Career Services products with team size of 20 Telesales Officers. Maintaining daily reports such as AST, Attendance Tracker, Lead Sheet, APR & some MTD reports as Agent One-On-One, RGY Tracker. Monitoring the agent productivity in respect of Talk-Time, Wrap-Time, Handle Calls, and AHT etc. Also taking part in Recruitment process through mock calls and giving operational training in terms of IVR/Online payment mode to the training batches.
Organization             CITI BANK   (Jan, 08 – Mar, 10)
Designation		Sr. Officer
Job Profile                 Hard core selling of credit card’s products such as BT / COC, lead creation for Personal loan and insurance policies, maintaining daily  targets as talk time, idle time, AHT, Aux, Hold etc.
Organization	     HDFC BANK (May, 06-Jan, 08)
Designation		Junior Officer

Job Profile	Handling customer queries related to credit cards, taking escalation calls of new agents, mentoring them. Revenue generation through cross selling of banking products as COC, BT, PL2CC, BAGIC.


Academic Qualification

S No
University
Course name
Marks obtained
Year of passing
1
Delhi university
B.com(Full-Time)
60%
2002
2
C.B.S.E
10+2(moths)
70%
1999
3
C.B.S.E
10th
73%
1997

Professional Qualification

S. No
University
Course name
Marks obtained
Division
1
DOEACC society
B level (adv)
C grade
2007
2.
DOEACC society
A level (adv)
B grade
2005

Linguistic Ability

English, Hindi and Punjabi (Written and Spoken)

Personal Details

	•	Father’s Name		Mr. Satish Madhok
	•	Date of Birth		16-Oct-1981
	•	Marital Status		Married
	•	Hobbies		Music, Traveling, Bike-Riding.

Declaration

I hereby declare that all the above Given Information is Relevant and Correct to the Best of my Knowledge.


Date:			 		                 	                        (Ashish Madhok)
