Sanyogita Sharma												

Handphone:			+919991881342			E-Mail: sanyogita.sharma9@gmail.com




Professional Training     RICO AUTO INDUSTRY LTD


Organizational Profile- RICO auto industry  ltd Gurgaon

Rico is a world-class engineering company supplying a wide range of high precision fully machined aluminium and ferrous component and assemblies to automotive OEMs across the globe. Its total turnover is over US$285 Million. Its services include design, development tooling, casting, machining assembly across ferrous and aluminium across ferrous and aluminium products.  


The Training covered following Areas

	•	General-  Induction to a company and its organizational structure.
Understanding of company’s products and its business units : technical and functional
Understanding of the functioning of HR department of RICO. 
	•	Human Resource Development 
Training & Development –Facilitated the HR team on Training given to participants-
Time saving at various productions stations, being worked through assembly line method
Training on Quality assurance and waste reduction and waste/scrap management
Self Motivational training during production pressure. Stress management and efficiency improvement
Feedback Sharing and Assessment
	•	Recruitment - Screening and short listing of candidatures Received via Job Portals, Consultants and employee referral
	•	Employee Engagement and Welfare- Various Cultural Activities and Events aimed at employee   motivation, engagement and welfare. 
Group discussions, Ice-Break sessions, Games, Get together, Farewell ceremonies etc.



Seminars : 

Attended  Budget discussion session of year 2013 held in GJU. 

Academics
Year
Level
Specialization
University/Institute
Performance
2012-2014
MBA
HR (Major) and Marketing(Minor)
Guru Jambheshwar  University of science & tech. 
64 % so far 
2012-2012
BBA
All Management subjects 
Kurukshetra  University , Kurukshetra 
57%
2009
12th
Commerce
Central Board of Secondary Education
53%
2006
10th
Hindi , English, Mathematics, Social science , Science , Music 
Board Of School Education Haryana 
66%















Extra Currics  (Achievements)

	•	First position   in  Annual  sports  meet  in  year 2010-11
	•	First  position   in  Annual  sports meet  in  year 2009-10
	•	Second  prize in ADD MAD SHOW  (Innowave) a state level event  in year 2013-14
	•	Attended 7 day adventure camp of NSS with camp of Track India  
	      

Strengths 

	•	Willingness to learn new ideas and concepts
	•	Ability to adapt quickly 
	•	Energetic, optimistic, self-motivated



References        	
                 
  Personal Information

DOB                                                                  9- nov-1991
Father’s Name                                              Shri ajay sharma
marital status                                              unmarried 
Permanent Address                                   house no 36 , sec 28 (hisar)


