
Karthikeyan Muthu
Plot No : 22, Clinton Nagar,
Marayur Road, Sitharkadu,
Mayiladuthurai Post,
Nagapattinam Dist, Tamilnadu-609003
Mob : +91 9894563381          
Email: karthi_mi@yahoo.com 

Objective
	
		A position in this industry with challenging avenues where my educational potential match the growth of the organization and to contribute to the organizational goals with the betterment of my carrier prospect and equipping myself with rich technical skills.

Strengths
	
		Over 10 years of experience in Marketing, Finance (Banking), Insurance and Team Management. I am a dynamic, go-getter and quick learner with ability to work under pressure and meet company requirements.

Areas of Exposure / Expertise Across Assignments
TEAM MANAGEMENT
        Lead, train and monitor teams to ensure the effective implementation and
Coordinate to increase profitability and ensuring their carrier development.
        
SALES AND MARKETING 
Developing marketing strategies for driving volumes and increasing revenues.
Organizing sales, promotional activities for market penetration and reach.

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE

	•	From August 2012 to April 2014 with Axis Bank as Deputy Manager (Priority        Banking)

JOB PROFILE: 

	•	Handling 13 cr portfolios.
	•	Open a Priority account in new customers and Fixed Deposits from both new and old. 
	•	Maintaining bilateral relationship with the Customers, for getting Investments like TPP products, Life & Health Insurance, General Insurance, Mutual funds, Demat A/c’s, Gold and Liability products.
	•	Solving all the queries and requirements of the customers in TAT.
	•	Focus right people and offer the business opportunity of giving and make them to Work.
	
	•	From August 2011 to July 2012 with Dhanlaxmi Bank as Branch Sales Manager 

JOB PROFILE:	

	•	Handling team size of 4 Sales Executives direct and 6 branch staffs indirectly.
	•	Through this team I have to achieve the entire branch target of Liability and TPP products.
	•	To motivate them & Train them over the products and selling pitches to achieve there individual targets. 
	•	Had to implement many new ideas for increasing the customer base and sales.
	•	Conduct a branch level contest every month to generate new investment leads.
         
ACHIEVEMENTS:
       
	•	Winner – “Great Gold” – Gold Coin Contest in FY 2011-2012.
	•	Winner – “Look around the World” – Life Insurance Contest in FY 2011-2012.

	•	From December 2009 to August 2011 with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Ltd as Senior Financial Service Manager 

	Started with BANCA channel as Associate Financial Service Manager and got promoted to Sr. Financial Service Manager within 9 months.

JOB PROFILE: 

	Training and motivating the branch team.
	Team development and team management.
	Marketing Insurance policy and investments through the team.
	maintaining customer relationship to increase business.
	Event management.
	Assisting branch team in planning & execution of targets.
 
ACHIEVEMENTS:

	•	Achieved the business target within 9 months.
	•	Win “Hall of Fame” award in 2 times.
	•	Qualified “YUVA” contest in 2 times.
	•	Win “Super Star of TNK” award.
	•	Win “Best Performer” award in 4 times.

	•	From October 2004 to  December 2009 With ICICI Bank Ltd as Team Leader – NRI service

Started my career with ICICI Bank as Sales Executive to promote new NRI a/c's and new FD’s at Mayiladuthurai branch. And got promoted as Team Leader in 2005. And from 2006 onwards I have handled investment and Services Team as a Team leader.

JOB PROFILE:

	Team recruitment & training.
	Hub Management.
	New Customer acquisition. 
	maintaining customer relationship to increase Float money. 
	Event Management.
	Assisting SM in planning & execution of targets.
	As a Team leader motivate my team members (6 nos) to achieve the monthly targets.
	In-house administration for smooth day-to-day operations.
	creating reports for Branch meetings, Staff Evaluation, Marketing etc.,
	Ensuring best customer services provided by our Team members.

ACHIEVEMENTS:
	Best performer of financial year 2005.
	Acquired 80% of HNI customers of Mayiladuthurai Branch in FY 2004, 2005.
	qualified the entire contest run by the bank for every quarter.
	Win “FC of the Year” award in 2 times.
	Qualified “Singapore trip” in life insurance contest.
	Win “Goa Calling” in Mutual fund contest.


EDUCATION

	•	Doing M.B.A - Finance in Annamalai University, Chidambaram
	B.Sc - Computer Science in Bharthidhasan University, Trichy

PERSONAL DETAILS

      Age & Date of Birth	:	31 years, 30th June, 1982

      Marital Status           :	Married

      Language Knows	:	Tamil & English

Family Details

Father    :  Mr. Muthu
             (Business)

Mother   :   Mrs. Indrani
	 (Home Maker)

Wife      :   Mrs. Ilavarasi
              (Home Maker)

Reference

	1. Shahul Hameed 				2. Balaji Desikan 
 	(Branch Manager)	   		       (Zonal Manager)
	Axis Bank			    		Dhanlaxmi bank
    	+918098605991					+918939916012

DECLARATION
 
                 A focused team player, highly adaptable to any task on hand, an extrovert who builds enduring friendships, I believe that a balance of perseverance, logical thinking, effective communication in me are my greatest possessions.
I, Karthikeyan Muthu hereby solemnly affirm that the details furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
									
									

(Karthikeyan Muthu)

       
                                                                                                         

									














