Rajesh H V
C/o Venkataswamy Reddy
House no.9 Near Ashram
Doddakannelli ,Sarjapur Road
Bangalore -560035
Email:rajesh12941@rediffmail.com
Mobile no.9535090625

                                                                                        
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
To work with the best in Industry so that I can utilize my skills, potential and experience to the maximum and to become a value addition to the Organization along with focusing on self development.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

B .Com                         :    Bangalore University-2005

M.B.A                           :   National Institute of Business Management -2010

COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE:

Functional Office use, which includes E-mail, Internet along with MS Office, BPCS & Tally

WORK EXPERIENCE:

1.TVS Logistics Services ltd
Duration                     :Sep.2006 to sep.2008
Position                     : Administrator

Job Profile

	Execution of day to day sales activities .
	Planning & co-ordination with inbound & outbound transportation systems.
	Execution of perpetual inventory process .
	Timely follow up of parts based on PO’s raised against vendors
	Handling walk in customer and fulfilling their requirements
	Daily /Monthly dispatch report to the client. & management.
	Dock auditing for minimize the customer complaints.
	Co-ordinate with personnel department & accounts department.
2. HDFC BANK LTD.,
Working as Corporate Salary Executive from sep.2008 to Till date
Key responsibilities and accountabilities: 
Plan and carry out direct marketing activities. Visiting the corporate premises to promote and acquire new accounts. Key responsibilities also include bundling of products at the time of acquisition
Respond to and follow up sales enquiries by telephone  and personal visits and cross sell multiple products which include RD, demat, ISA, credit card and loans
Maintain and develop existing and new customers and enhance the relationship which helps to see references
Recent Achievemts

	•	Stood PAN India No 1 in crossell for the financial year 2013-14

	•	Won a credit card contest in May for sourcing the highest no of credit cards. 

	•	NCFM Certified


PERSONAL PROFILE:

Name	:	Rajesh.H V

Date of Birth	:	15-04-1985

Father’s Name	:	Venkataramanappa

Nationality	:	Indian

Permanent Address	:	S/o Venkataramanappa ,Hossur (p)                                                                        
                                       Gowribidanur
                                       Chikkaballapur 561210

Languages Known	:	English, Kannanda, Hindi ,Telugu,Tamil  



Place : Bangalore
Date    :





                                                                                                                                                                                          



