Asif Punjani
Amber CHS, A-Wing, Flat No  304, 
Mira Road – (East), Thane: 401107.
CELL : +91 9833731445
Residence #: 022-28125975
E MAIL : asifpunjani84@gmail.com

 CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To Work in a challenging environment and be known for depth of knowledge, quality, Hardworking, timeliness of service, honoring the commitments and provide innovative solutions and contribute organization to enhance their business.

EXPERIENCE:

Organization
Job Role & Profile
Ocwen Solutions Pvt.Ltd

From 9th June -2014
Quality Analyst
Process: QA (Quality Analyst)
Responsibilities include,
	•	Handling Quality Checks & processing the loans.
	•	Maintianing monthly report in excel.

HSBC Mumbai

(November 2007 – January 2014)
Sr. Service Advisor
Process : Credit Card & Banking
Responsibilities Include,
	•	Handling calls for credit card holder & solving their queries with regards to credit card.
	•	Along with resolution of complaints & queries the prime focus was also on sale of other HSBC value added products & services.
	•	Achieving daily sales & cross sell targets.
	•	Highlighting process gap wherever applicable.
	•	Resolving customer complaint within TAT.
	•	Empowered to offer financial reversals to customer for charges levied on the card account.
	•	Ensuring requisite follow ups are done to resolve customer complaints.
	•	Liaising with different departments (TBS, CAS & Risk) to offer resolution to customer.
	•	Handling Escalation pertain to AQB (Average Quarterly Balance) charges & AMB (Average Monthly Balance) charges reversal for mass market & advance customer Internet banking error’s, cancellation of cards Unjustified reversal, Cards redirection, Visa bill pay query & complaints, Remittance queries.
	•	Mentoring new recruits in the team for performance enhancement.
	•	Knowledge about Credit Cards & also banking Trained.
	•	Cross selling various products to the customer post query resolution.



Life Style International Pvt.Ltd

(December 2004 – January 2006)
Customer Sales Representative 
Responsibilities Include,
	•	Assisting Customer’s to buy products.
	•	Taking care of Customer’s requirements.
	•	Display Merchandise on the floor and preparing Stock requirement report.



QUALIFICATIONS / EDUCATION:
 
T.Y.B. Com: [Mumbai University]
March 2007
H. S. C.: [Mumbai University]
Feb 2004
S. S. C. : [Mumbai University]
March 2002

PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Date of birth
10th April 1984
Gender
Male
Marital Status
Married
Place of birth
Mumbai (Bombay)
Nationality
Indian
Languages Known
English, Hindi & Gujarati.




Achievements: - 
	•	I have been awarded for the best Service Advisor for Sale & Service.
	•	I have also been awarded as 100 Club Winner contest from All India HSBC in 2012.
	
