CURRICULAM-VITAE

Suneel kumar Singh                         
COMMUNICATION ADDRESS                                      PERMANENT ADDRESS
E 1120 Asiana LE Residency                                     VILL+POST -Barnai Chatarkha
Near Colmbia Asia Hospital                                       DISTT         -Hardoi(U.P.)
Ghaziabad U.P.pin 201001                                             PIN         -    241402
Contact No. +91-9911692202,+91-8527393783
E-Mail: suneel.singh09@yahoo.com 

Objective
 To take up a challenging role where experience, education and proven skills will add value to the organization enabling mutual growth.

Professional Experience 	
ICICI Bank Ltd
Experience: 4 year and 01 months. (16 August2010-till date)
Designation: Sales Officer
Domain:  Retail Banking Group

Job Profile
I am presently working with ICICI Bank ltd, designation is SO (Sales Officer). I have been involved in sales of CASA , NRI, Investment and asset product which includes (HL,AL ,PL and CC) . I try to engage with the customer, Engagement with the customer helps me to understand his needs and financial goals, this also helps me to promote and sell other products offered by the bank without mis selling, and create satisfaction. I never hesitate to take up different & difficult type of customer query. This helps me learn quickly and learn new things.

Operational Skills
Finacle -: Banking operations of Account (saving ,Current and Nri).
I-View   : Helps in understanding the need & profile of customers.
I-SFA     : Helps in managing calls.
I-Track  : Helps in online tracking account opening forms.
C.R.M    : Helps in online lead tracking and managing.

Academic Qualifications:-

	•	B.A. from Kanpur University
	•	10+2 from UP Board 
	•	10th from UP Board
CERTIFICATION:- 

	•	IRDA Certification Done 

Computer proficiency:-

	•	Knowledge of MS Office.
	•	Knowledge of Internet.
	•	Knowledge of Basic Computer  

	•	Strengths:-

	•	Loyalty and Integrity
	•	Dedication to organizational goals
	•	Good at personal dealing and behavioral skills.
	•	Professional at work.

Personal Details:-

Date of Birth             : 09-July-1985		
Father’s Name          :  Mr.Ghan Shyam Singh			
Sex                            :  Male
Marital Status           :   Married
Nationality                :  Indian
Language Known     :   English & Hindi

Hobbies:-
 
A-Playing Cricket.
B-Surfing Internet.  
C-Reading Books  
                        
Declaration:-  

	•	I hereby declare that above information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.


Date………………

Place…..................                                                                            (Suneel Kumar Singh)
