CURRICULAM VITAE



HARPREET SINGH 

Contact Information:
Address: H.NO.B 18/87 New Jatt Pura Mohalla. 144601
Distt. Kapurthala (Punjab)
Mobile: 9463994635  
E-Mail: hsrakhra89@gmail.com



Personal Data:
Date of Birth: 7th August 1989
Sex: Male
Nationality: Indian
Marital Status: Unmarried



Objective
Looking for a challenging career which demands the best of my professional ability in terms of, Managerial  and analytical skills, and helps me in broadening and enhancing my current skill and knowledge.
Educational Qualification
LEVEL YEARPercentage of Marks              
MBA(Marketing)             2012                       86%
B.Com                               2009                       51%
10+2                                  2006                       71%       
Matriculation                   2004                       64%
Professional Qualification
	•	MBA with Marketing as Major and Finance as Minor  in P.T.U Jalandhar. 
Professional Experience
	•	Working as an Assistant  Manager in Axis Bank Ltd from last 2 years and six months.
Job Profile: Handling (CASA) Current account, Saving Account, Salary accounts,
Customer Query Resolution, Selling third Party Products like Life Insurance, General insurance, Mutual Funds Demat Accounts etc.

Summer Internship Experience
Organization        :   Aditya Birla Money Ltd.
Designation	      :   Trainee
Period	                    :   45 Days 
Project Report      :   Customer’s Perception Towards The Products Offered                                                                                                                  .                                    By Aditya birla ltd.









Major Project
Customer’s Perception Towards The Services Offered By Mc Donalds. 












Languages Known:
English, Hindi, Punjabi 
Interests
Internet Surfing
Interaction with people




ACHIEVEMNTS
	•	Qualified for the recognition event at Bombay  and got the appreciation from M.D of axis bank.
	•	Qualified for the recognition event and got the appreciation from circle head Punjab.
	•	Qualified for the recognition event for being the consistent performer in CASA.  
	•	Best student award in Academics in M.B.A

Key Strengths
	•	Ability and eagerness to learn new things.
	•	Impressive  communication skills. 
	•	Stress handling ability.
	•	Dedicated and commited .
	•	Ability to handle a wide variety of tasks.
Declaration
I confirm that the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.  

                                                                                      HARPREET SINGH 





