Binish Kumar Samadhiya  
Mob.: 9838496688
E-mail: binish888@yahoo.co.in


Carrier Objective 				

My main aim is to contribute in organization’s endeavor with my perseverance, dedication and contributing to become a top professional in a dynamic growing organization.

Key Attributes

A team player possessing high comfort level in interacting with people. Highly confident to overcome complex  situations in a spontaneous- manner, result oriented, punctual, disciplined and having Good analytical skills.

Work Experience

Presently working with Pnb met life india life insurance company limited as Assistance relationship manager in Bancassurance channel from 
11 june 2014 to till date.
The profile
Handling 5 branches of pnb bank and generate insurance business with the help of branch manager of the bank. Also motivate branch manager for the insurance business and maintain proper business relationship with the whole staff of branches for generating insurance business.



Worked with Birla Sunlife insurance company limited as agency manager from Sep-2013 to 10 June 2014.

The Profile
To recruit adviser and generate life insurance business from them

Worked with Bajaj Capital Insurance Broking Limited as IPC (Branch) Manager -FINANCIAL PLANNING form Oct 2009 to Aug 2013.

The Profile

Handle a sales team manager with sales team of 10 executives.
Handle a tele team manager with the team of 5executives. 
Handle a data collection team manager with the team of 4 executive.
I am selling the products of all the insurance companies, and mutual funds of all the companies.
To ensure individual target of all executive's achieved.
To ensure timely training to new as well as existing members.
To ensure sufficient manpower in the branch.
To co-ordinate with govt. agencies, investigating officers & to act as a representative of Employer as and when authorized.
To prepare weekly business MIS and forward the same to seniors at head office.
To ensure that all the complaints get resolved with in the stipulated TAT.

Joined Bajaj Capital Insurance Broking Ltd. As Management trainee on 15 Oct 2006 and gotten promotions as per company policy.

Professional qualification

Qualified DIRECT INSURANCE BROKER examination of NIA.
Qualified CCC diploma of computer from DOEACC. 

Educational Qualification

M.A. with Economics from Bundelkhand University, Jhansi
B.Sc from Bundelkhand University, Jhansi
Intermediate from UP Board, Allahabad
High school from UP Board, Allahabad
Extra Curricular Activities

An active sports men with key interest.
Member of Scout and Guides camp during school days.
Participation in various Quiz competitions at School and College level.

Achievements
I have won best branch manager award in north zone in 2010-11 at shimla.

I have third position in pan India as a branch manager in 2010-11 at shimla.

I have won car in contest as a branch manager at shimla.

I have won best team leader award in north zone as team mentor in 2008-09 at ludhiana.

Personal Information

Fathers name         :	 Sh.Vinod Kumar Samadhiya
D.O.B                      :    	 June 06, 1984
Martial Status 	   :     	 Married
Sex			   :      Male
Nationality     	   :      Indian
Languages Known  :      English, Hindi, Punjabi.


Career Aspiration
To utilize and upgrade my skills in growth oriented company.


References
 Ashish Samadhiya ICICI Bank Hissar 



Date:

Place:  jhansi	                                                                          Signature   
