    							        
SUMIT HIRA 
B-131, Gandhi Vihar, Near                 	         				         Cell: +91-8800-755-858 
Mukherjee Nagar, Delhi - 110009      		         		         	Date of Birth: August 19, 1983
Email: sumithira2@gmail.com   				              

			Objective



To contribute best individual efforts and team spirit in achieving the organizational mission, vision and goals and to have continuous self-development by learning and exposure through new assignments. 
		Industry Information



Total Years of Experience	:	6 Years 
Current Domain	:	Insurance
Last Designation	:	Associate Sales Manager
Current Location	:	Delhi
Location Preference	:	Anywhere
			Experience Summary



	•	6 years of extensive experience in Marketing Management, Business Development, and Client Relationship Management. 
	•	A keen learner with flair for adopting emerging trends and addressing industry requirements to achieve organizational objectives and profitability norms. 
	•	Possess motivational management style with a record of building an efficient sales team, An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with the ability to relate to people at any level of business and management.
					Career Snapshot



	Organization
Tenure
Designation
Max Life Insurance
June, 2012 – Present
Associate Sales Manager
Aviva Life Insurance
January, 2010 – August, 2011
Key Relationship Manager
Bajaj Capital Ltd.
January, 2008 – February, 2009
Sales Manager
Max New York Life
June, 2006 – December, 2007
Financial Planning Manager


Max Life Insurance Company Limited  			     Associate Sales Manager
Key Deliverables:
	•	Provide support in Sales of Life Insurance products through Axis Bank customers at branches across assigned locations.                                                                                                     
	•	Driving and motivating the branch operational staff, through converting generated leads as well as tapping the right database of the branch and ensure authentic documentation.
	•	Taking care of after sales services like issuance of policy, renewals etc.
	•	Provide training to all bank staff and do join calls with bank RM’s and other staff.
	•	Launch R&R for the bank staff to develop the business for the company.
	•	Drafting MIS reports.
Achievements:
	•	Join as Relationship Associate and got promoted within a year and designated as Associate Sales Manager.
	•	Qualify for international Reward and Recognition conference at Hong Kong.      

Aviva Life Insurance Company Limited  			Key Relationship Manager
Key Deliverables:
	•	Assisted to achieve a robust financial health of the company through incessant growth in business volumes in Delhi and NCR region.
	•	Established strategic alliances / tie-ups with financially strong and reliable channel partners. Developed new business partners to expand product reach in the market and worked in close interaction with the dealers and distributors (BSA’s) to assist them to promote the product.
	•	Significantly identified and generated business with prospective clients by different channels like Policy bazaar, Open market and cross selling to existing customers.
Achievements:
	•	Join as Financial Planning Consultant and got promoted twice in a year and last designation was as Key Relationship Manager.

Bajaj Capital Insurance Broking Limited  				 Sales Manager 
Key Deliverables:
	•	Demonstrated abilities by tapping areas of growth & acquiring customer base in wired areas.
	•	Ensured quantity as well as quality sales and provided effective after sales services.
	•	Maintaining exact projections and effective monitoring of business plans in a weekly basis.
	•	Holds the distinction of appointing team of 10 Members out of which 4 People got promotion because of their performance.
	•	Performing all assigned tasks related to report absconding and handling the resignation of MT’s in order to avoid the excess payment to them.

Max New York Life  						Financial Planning Manager
Key Deliverables:
	•	Mapping prospective clients; handling the recognition and delivering presentations on investment cum insurance plans; regularly dealing with client’s portfolios.
	•	Rendering effective services to existing clients. 
	•	Drafting MIS reports.

					Academic Qualification


	Degree/ Diploma
University/Board
Year of Passing
MBA - Finance
Symbiosis University
2011
B. Com (Pass)
Delhi University 
2004
10 + 2 (Commerce Stream)
CBSE
2001








		Personal Information



Native Place	:	Delhi, India
Marital Status	:	Married
Languages Known	:	English, Hindi & Punjabi



														
														(Sumit Hira)
