R.K.CHAKRAVARTHY
PH No : +919884851506,+917871237777  044-24355256 (Resi)


R- 27, South Boag Road,
T.Nagar , Chennai 600 017
email ID: chakravarthy_rk@yahoo.co.in 


 
Qualification Highlights:

Degree
Institute
Board/University
Period
Class Obtained

B.Com

Patrician College 
Of Arts & Science Adyar. Chennai

University Of
Madras

2004-2007

First Class

MBA

Tamil Nadu Open
University Guindy,
Chennai

Tamil Nadu University

2007-2009

First Class




WORK EXPERIENCE PROFILE;

Synopsis:

A result oriented professional experience in direct & channel sales. Experienced in selling of Banking products , Credit Processing, process management, handling associates and team.      
Possess very strong analytical and data processing skills, strong in communication and influencing skills, proven relationship management skills with good business acumen within the area of responsibility.
Experienced in identifying the potential for the relevant product range, providing after
sales supports to the user, identifying and generating opportunities for the sales of products and make suitable proposals and convert the opportunities into viable sales.

PROFESSION EXPERIENCE : 

CURRENT  EMPLOYMENT:-

Name of the Employer	:	VISHAK INNOVATIONS PRIVATE LTD- Chennai.              
					           					 
Department			:	Sales & Marketing

Designation			:	Assistant Marketing Manager. 

Period		           :	From DEC 2013 to  Till Date.


Areas of Expertise:

Management & Responsibilities:-


	•	Head a team of 40 fellowmen consisting of Directors, Proprietors, Business Development Managers, Marketing Managers, Event Managers, Officers, Technicians  throughout tamilnadu.

	•	Handle leading Fabric Projects like Institute Finance Management & Research (IFMR), Soundrapandian Bone & Joint Hospital, Taj Gateway Group of Hotels, Sun Groups, Prestige Silver Springs, Hilton, Hindustan Unilever, Star Groups, Barclays, Infosys, Four Seasons Hotel,  Akshyam Group of Hotels.   

	•	More Experiences of Fabrics World with focus on Database, Client Interaction , Problem Solving, Servicing New & Existing Franchisees, Distributors, Suppliers, Fabricators.

	•	Hands-on experience with Expos, Events, Road Shows, Branding, Creative Designing, Printing, Supply Chain, School Competitions, National level Sports events, Social Awareness.

	•	Close to 1200 orders of experience working on supply chain, right from the manufacturing in the factory to the delivery of the end customer.

	•	Highly skilled in business/functional analysis, database design, developing/supporting company-wide systems and performing migrations/conversions from the factory to all the available authorized Franchises (right from any technical (or) marketing query).

	•	Well experienced in requirement gatherings of clients/business users and effectively communicating their needs to technical teams using a variety of technical and functional documentation tools.

	•	Constantly learning and leveraging emerging technologies.

	•	Very good proficiency in Business English Language and excellent oral and written communication skills with respect to comrades in & around India.

	•	Super performer award from the management for several inbound achievements and accomplishments from time to time.






PREVIOUS EMPLOYMENT:-

Name of the Employer	:	ICICI Bank Limited - Chennai.              .
					            ( T.Nagar  Branch)					 
Department			:	Branch Banking ( Liabilities )

Designation			:	Sales Officer. 

Period		           :	From Aug  2010 to  Sep 2013.



Management & Responsibilities:-


	•	Responsible for selling Liability products (Savings account, Current account and Fixed deposits), Sourcing of Current accounts in and around Chennai, with particular focus on sites nearer to branch premises. Meeting all the clients at their door steps (Merchants, Companies, business Individuals) and for Savings account sourcing through outbound market and external activities

	•	Complaint handling for any current account service request, EDC issues, Helping the customer for activation of net banking and online transaction, additionally doing cross sales of all assets and investment products to the new and existing customers (BLG , Home/Car loans, Loan against Property/Jewels/FD, Gold coins, Life Insurance, General insurance). 

	•	Ensuring all the newly opened accounts are maintaining their committed Monthly Average Balance and also maintaining healthy relationship among the existing customers. Complaint handling for any current account service request, EDC issues, Helping the customer for activation of net banking and online transaction, additionally doing cross sales of all assets and investment products to the new and existing customers (Home/Car loans, Loan against Property/Jewels/FD, Gold coins, Life Insurance, General insurance). 


PREVIOUS EMPLOYMENT:-

Name of the Employer	:	IndusInd Marketing and Financial Services-Chennai.              .
					(An Subsidiary company of INDUSIND BANK LTD).
					 
Department			:	Insurance CV & CE. 

Designation			:	Insurance Officer & Collection. 

Period		           :	From Apr 2009 to  Aug 2010.






Management & Responsibilities:-
 
	•	Creating new sales lead for Insurance policy & Cross Sellingof Health Insurance.

	•	Individually handling 3000 contracts for vehicle insurance, Customer service, Database management, Time management and Marketing management

	•	Banking and Administration activities

	•	Handling customer inquiries and interacting with the marketing officers to resolve  the customer queries 

	•	Preparing MIS for the branch and Submission of fortnight reports to the management

	•	Monitoring Inward & Outward Returns,Booking outstation cheques for collection & realization of the same.

	•	Managing & Controlling  Cash Receipts & Payments

	•	Checking Vouchers on a daily basis

	•	Updating of Inward and Outward Clearing instruments


PREVIOUS EMPLOYMENT:-

Name of the Employer	:	Reliance HR Services Pvt Ltd – Chennai.
					An Subsidiary company of Reliance Capital Limited.
					 
Department			:	Loan Processing – CV & CE

Designation			:	Credit Processing Associate (Executive)

Period		           :	From Jul 2007 to Dec 2008.



Areas of Expertise:

Credit Process Management & Responsibilities:-


	•	Ownership & Managing the processing of login files into the credit department till disbursement
	•	Involved into the activity of verifying the KYC documents of the customer in co-ordination RCU team
	•	Regular co-ordination with FI ( Field Investigations ) agencies for the FI reports of the login customers
	•	Checking with CIBIL database & other credit bureaus.
	•	Verifying and validation of customer bank statement (Total Balances, Inflows and Out flows.)
	•	Checking on the eligibility of the customer based on various surrogates submitted 
	•	Capturing of customer details into the LOS package
	•	Preparation of CAM – Credit Appraisal Memo
	•	Highlighting the deviations in the deal and marking the appropriate authority  
	•	Supervising the MIS preparation and other various business reports to sensitize the seniors on the profile of customers being added to the portfolio.
	•	Training & Monitoring of the Junior Executives




Personal Details:

Father Name			Mr. R.Konda Babu

Date of Birth			29 July 1986.    

Nationality			Indian

Passport No			H0831921

Validity			09/Oct/2018

Marital Status		Single

Religion		Hindu

Communication		R-Block Door No: 27, 2nd Floor, 
Address   			Prem Nagar Colony, South Boag Road
				T.Nagar Chennai - 600017.

Languages	          		English, Telugu & Tamil 

Interests			Cricket, Billiards & Music



DECLARATION:

          I hereby declare that the information and facts stated above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Date : 

Place: Chennai                                                                         R.K.CHAKRAVARTHY

