

AKHILESH MADHAV JOSHI


Address:  A/402, Pranay Leela CHS, Piramal Nagar, S.V. Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai – 400062.
Email Id: akhileshjoshi90@yahoo.com
Date of Birth: 21st November 1990
Contact No (M): +91-8108608660/9833907213

Professional Objectives: - To work for a reputed organization wherein one can learn and develop skill sets to meet organizational requirement and would also like to see one grow along with the organizations growth.
Summary of Qualifications
Skilful and dedicated Executive - Sales with extensive experience in the marketing and co-ordinations with operational functions with my team to improve organization revenue.
Proficient in Microsoft Office System, Microsoft Windows operating system.

Professional Experience


STANDARD CHARTERED FINANCE LTD.                               January 2014 TILL DATE

Company             :Standard Chartered finance Limited
Company Type  :Banking & Finance
Designation        :Assistant manager (New Business)



Job Responsibility:

	•	Targeting new to bank customers.
	•	   To smooth servicing purpose coordinating with verification team.
	•	Send daily reports to our Line manager.
	•	Handling 1 metro large branch & 1 small branch.
	•	Conducting corporate activities.
	•	Maintaining healthy repo with the clients.
	•	Strongly assist the RM in origination , industry leads, etc. 
	•	Work closely with product partners for coordinating client training for non lending products. (Client training to be conducted by Product Partners.) 
	•	Work with the RM on a specified portfolio and jointly responsible for the revenue growth 
	•	Active engagement with client and also with the product partners to ensure high level of utilization of regular limits 




EDUCATION QUALIFICATION

Passed S.S.C. from Maharashtra State Board in Year 2006.
Passed H.S.C. from Maharashtra State Board in Year 2008.
Passed B.Com from Mumbai University in Year 2013.






PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name       :   Mr. Madhav Murari Joshi
Gender                    :   Male
Nationality             :  Indian
Marital Status         :  Single
Languages Known:  English, Hindi, Gujarati and Marathi.
Hobbies                   : Music, Travelling.

I hereby declare that all the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge.

                                                                                                                                      

                                                                                                                                       (Akhilesh.M.Joshi)

                                                                                                                                                                                          
