SUKESH.S
BLOCK 12, Do No 105, 				Email: reachsukesh.17@gmail.com
R.K.APARTMENTS 							      Ph No: 9886946839
3rd MAIN, 6th CROSS,					                  
T.C.PALYA ROAD
HOYSALA NAGAR 
BANGALORE-560016

OBJECTIVE: To work in a challenging atmosphere through applying all the knowledge inculcated for improving the company’s operations, where necessary computer experience and interpersonal skills can be used to improve the business operations which would help accommodate the company’s well being and growth resulting in my professional and personal development. 


EXPERIENCES:  	1. Worked at [24]7 Inc. Technical Services Team as Global Delivery Specialist and Service Management Officer in the process named Optus since 02/04/2013 to 12/11/2014

	Responsibilities:

Working in an offshore environment for SingTel Optus Pty Limited which is the second largest telecommunication company in Australia and wholly owned by subsidiary of Singapore Telecommunications

Perform stakeholder analysis to understand and manage expectations of change programs

Research, design, write and publish communication material for change programs using a variety of mediums, including written, verbal, and online.

Assess the change impact and complete change management assessments.

Identify, analyze and prepare risk mitigation tactics 

Identify and manage anticipated resistance 
		
Coordinate efforts with other specialists and manage all stakeholders.

Track, Evaluate and report issues to ensure user readiness 

End-to-End Ticket Management (Move/Add/Change)

2. In banking process as Skip Investigator for the banks St George and Westpac at International Business Machine (IBM) for eighteen months. 
                        				From 12-10-2010 to 22-06-2012.

						Responsibilities:
						
Trace the default customers whose address, phone number or any of the details given by the customer to the bank is not appropriate to contact the customer.

Use all possible sources within the bank and the internet (like Google, white pages, neighbor’s address etc.) to find the current location or the contact number of the customer.

If a possible address found, then note it down and forward the details to the relevant department. If a contact number found, then call the number to find if the customer is available on the call.

If the customer is available, then follow the collection process of payments.

3. Associate for cricket process at Aditya Birla Minacs for five months from 08-03-2010 to 09-07-2010

Responsibilities:

Receive calls from customers to solve the queries.

Following the usual standard procedure of call flow like welcome speech and closure of calls.

Following the SLA rules to solve the queries within the standard time. Maintaining call quality.

Transfer the call to the relevant department without keeping the customer on hold for longer time.

Solving the queries on call with limited time and given best customer service experience.


SOFTWARE SKILLS: 			NIIT (hardware & networking)
Proficient in computer, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point, C programming and HTML, Basic Networking, CCNA, Solaris.

EXTRA QUALIFICATION:                      Higher National Certificate of diploma in
                                           			Aviation, Hospitality and Travel 
                                           			Management from 
                                          			FRANKFINN INSTITUTE OF
                                           			AIRHOSTESS TRAINING
                                           			(Infantry road BLR)

ITIL Foundation certificate of Diploma in 
Service Management from Simplilearn Institute Hosur Road Bangalore. Certified by UK based company AXELOS.

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 

	•	Being a part of the core administrative team of the college, had helped organize various inter and intra college fest, college election etc...
	•	Passion towards sports resulted in being an active member of the sports cult which helped sharpening both administrative and performance based skills. Had played table tennis for college sports meet and won second prize, shuttle badminton for college sports meet and won first prize. 
	•	As a part of arts and culture had performed in the college SPECTRUM singing Competition, fashion show twice and won third prize, 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 

School/College
Board
Class
Sl.No
East point academy                                                            Banaswadi, bangalore

SSLC

10th
1.
Indian academy PU College                                                           Hennur cross, Bangalore
Bangalore university
Pre-university
2.
Indian academy Degree College                                                     Hennur cross Bangalore
Bangalore 
University
Bachelors 
(Commerce)
3.

Sikkim Manipal University                                                           Banaswadi Bangalore

Sikkim Manipal University (Distance Studies)

Masters (MBA Operations Management)

4.


OTHER PROJECTS: 	‘HOTEL MANAGEMENT’ (For service management in college)
‘BANKING PRACTICE’ (For banking theory practice in college)

SKILLS ACQUIRED:  The academic and work experiences have molded me to become a very endearing individual. I have evolved to be an extrovert with leadership skills, group dynamics and ability to address a crowd efficiently. 

CURRENT AIM:  To make best out of all the opportunities given and thus to work towards excelling my capabilities along with that of the organization’s. 

CORE COMPETENCIES:

Comprehensive knowledge of the methodologies and principles of change management
Solid knowledge of how people go through the change and change management process
Knowledge of project management approaches, tools and phases of the project lifecycle.
Ability to identify operational issues, recommend changes and implement strategies to resolve problems.
Excellent team player with the ability to work effectively at all levels in an organization
Knowledge of management life cycle and administration, where the basic principles of management policies has to be applied like Planning, staffing, reviewing, organizing, directing, controlling, coordinating, budgeting etc.
Knowledge of business oriented applications like, Virtual Machines, Citrix, Siebel, Oracle, BORIS (Business Operations Resource Information System), HRMS, PeopleSoft etc.


PERSONAL PROFILE
	
DOB 	17-06-1988

Father’s name: Surendran. P, Senior Technician, ITC 

Mother’s name: Ambika, Homemaker

Nationality: Indian

Languages known: 
	•	English
	•	Hindi
	•	Malayalam
	•	Tamil( speak only)
	•	Telugu(speak only)

PASSPORT NO:  H0138265

STRENGTH: An elegant team player having better knowledge and experience in group dynamics, quite adaptable to any kind of environment as it is important to have the skill and the willpower to “learn and unlearn” things as per the requirements posed by time and situations Ability to organize tasks based on priority.                     					
  
Reference:
Name: Chandrashekar
Occupation: Process Manager
Organization: 24/7
Phone number: 9945687895

Name: Kiran Kumar
Occupation: Operations Manager
Organization: IBM
Phone number: 9241752008


I declare that the above given information is true to the best of my knowledge.


Date:                                                    
Place: Bangalore                                                 					[Sukesh.S]
