                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      NISHANT RANA                                                                    
   E-mail: nishant001rana@gmail.com 
     Contact: +91-9888756360(M)
	   
Career objective
To establish a niche in the field of  Management, in a progressive, growth  oriented organization that will provide me exciting opportunities to develop my skills & knowledge and to add my  managerial  skills to  the assets  of the  organization as well  as  society.
EXPERIENCE
1 year experience  in Indusind bank as relationship officer grade  in Mass banking.
technical skills
Operating system--- Xp/Vista/Unix
Microsoft Excel and Powerpoint

key skills
Hard working,discipline and good communication skills,good organising skills.
education credentials
	•	MBA in Human Resource and Marketing from Punjab Technical University,Punjab with aggregate of 71% 2014.
	•	Passed Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Electronic & Tele-Communication from Yeshwantrao Chavan College Of Engineering, Nagpur in 2012 with 60%.

	•	SSC in CBSE board from KV with 70.2%
	•	HSSC in CBSE board from KV with 59.8%

academic projects 
Two month Summer internship from Aditya Birla group on consumer behaviour topic.

In Graduation,
Major Project          : Smart Vehicle Tracking System
Implementation On: VISUAL BASIC SOFTWARE

Minor Project          : PCB Designing of Traffic Signal electronic application.
curricular activity 
	•	Presented paper in “SPANDAN-2010” a National Conference on recent Trends during graduation .
	•	Two national level paper presentation
	•	Organised Techno campus event
	•	Organised silver screen and Mads ads campus event.
	•	In winner team of  aces cricket  cup of department in college
	•	Participated in pcb designing competition
	•	Got 2nd prize in Debate in MBA.
personal profile
Nationality		: 	Indian
Date of Birth		: 	oct-5-1989 
Sex			:	Male
Languages Known	:	English, Hindi
Mobility			:	Anywhere

										
                                                                                                                                                       Regards,
										Nishant Rana
