





CURRICULUM-VITAE



KULDEEP VERMA
Communication Address :-201/60A KRISHNA GALI NO-5 MAUJPUR DELHI 110053                                                             
Mob			     : 09999221388	
Email                                : kuldeepverma2010@rediffmail.com
 



Objective: -	

 To join and work with an organization where I can apply my skills up to the best to achieve organization goal and to continuously strive to learn new skills in pursuance of objective of becoming a competent professional & build a promising career.



An Overview:-
	•	A result-oriented and dynamic professional with around 6 years of qualitative    experience in the areas of Retail Banking, Business Development, Sales & Marketing, and Customer Relationship Management with reputed organizations in the Banking/  Financial Services industry. 
	•	Experience in managing team of 12 -15 Sales Executives.
	•	Adept in managing & leading teams for achieving assigned targets.




Core Competency:	
	•	Customer Need Analysis and servicing accordingly.
	•	Ability to contribute significantly in successful marketing for various banking products
	•	Developing relationships with key decision-makers in target organizations.
	•	Implementing process for sales and marketing operations for target achievement.














Working Experience
 RELIANCE LIFE INSURANCE
Designation :-Sales Manager 
Tenure :- From  11 Nov 2014 to 26 till date

Job Profile: Handling a team of 17 advisor, achieving insurance target of every month, cross sell TPP product like health insurance and etc. Responsible for all insurance call closed with advisors and login form to Branch . Responsible of recruitment, training of new joinees.




INDUSIND BANK LTD , Delhi. 
Designation :-Associate Sales Manager (Saving & Current Account)
Tenure :- From  19 May 2014 to 26 Oct 2014

Job Profile: Handling CASA target of every month, cross sell TPP product like Insurance and generating the assets lead like HL, T/W Loan Personal Loan etc. Responsible for login form to Branch Back up Manager, follow up the form till opening of a/c. Responsible.

                                                    .
                                                                                                           




HDFC BANK LTD , Delhi. 
Designation :-Team Leader (Saving & Current Account)
Tenure :- From  24 June 2008 to 17 May 2014

Job Profile: Handling a team of 15 executives, achieving CASA target of every month, cross sell TPP product like Insurance and generating the assets lead like HL, T/W Loan Personal Loan etc. Responsible for login form to Branch Back up Manager, follow up the form till opening of a/c. Responsible of recruitment, training of new joinees. Responsible for individual targets for each executive.
                                         













Academic Qualification: -

	•	M.A from  Shyam Lal College (Delhi University) in 2007
	•	B.A from  Shyam Lal College (Delhi University) in 2005
	•	Intermediate passed from CBSE Board 2002
	•	High school passed from CBSE Board 2000




Personal Details: -

     	                    Date of Birth	 	            :             13 August.1985

                               Father’s Name		            :             Shri Ved Prakash Verma

                               Marital Status		            :	  Married                                                                                                                        

                               Nationality                                  :             Indian

                               Religion                                       :             Hindu

                               Sex                                               :             Male

                               Languages known		:	  Hindi & English 




Place: Delhi

Date: 			                                                             	   (Kuldeep Verma)
