				Curriculum Vitae

Asif Ahmad



Career Objective
	To work sincerely, honestly and promptly towards the goal and objective of the company thereby making a difference in the company’s future prospects and grow proportionally. I am embodied with the quality of profiting the company in which I shall work with my learned skills.

Organization and Tenure
	Wipro:  September 2007 till April 2009, I was working with Wipro as Sr. Reservations executive with Americas leading airlines (United Airlines), which included reservation of airline tickets, making changes in schedules, resolving customer queries and complaints. Upselling Visa Chase credit cards, car rentals and hotel reservations.

	WNS: May 2009 till June 2010, I was working as Sr. Reservations Executive with one of the biggest Travel agencies of US-Travelocity, handling air, car and hotel reservation across the globe. Resolving customer queries and complaints regarding their travel needs. Revenue generation through upselling travel packages. 

	Interglobe: On June 2010 I started working with Inter Globe Technologies as Sr. Reservations Executive with another travel giant- Expedia for Asia pacific region which included working on changes, cancellations through Amadeus, Upselling travel packages and handling customer queries and complaints related to their travel needs. Resolving customer complaints via Email also.

I became a Supervisor on 17th August 2012. My sincere efforts and by playing an important part in growth and success of this business. My managers were convinced and I was promoted as a Team Leader on 07th March 2013. I  Worked there as a Team Leader for over 1 & half years.

Airline GDS Known:
	•	Amadeus
	•	Fastres

Working Experience
	Total Work Experience of 7 years in Travel. 

Interests
	Playing Cricket, Playing computer games and Body building.


Technical Qualification
	 Basics in Computers.
	



Key Skills
	Team Handling Experience of 1 and half years.
	Effective Communication.
	Willingness to work and master new things quickly.
	Target oriented.
	Managing high regards of Discipline.
	Providing a healthy n friendly atmosphere to Colleagues.

Academic Qualification
	Passed SSE from J&K Board.
	Passed Hr. Sec. From J&K Board
	Bachelor’s Degree in Science from Kashmir University.

Languages Known
	English, Hindi, Urdu, Kashmiri.



Permanent Address: Bismillah House, H. No 111 Khalidabad, Baghat Barzalla (Airport Road), Srinagar- Kashmir 190005
Mob: 09906885090, 09796564808
Email: ahmadazif01@Yahoo.com


