

Pratik A Mungekar
Mobile:	8652322822							
Email:  HYPERLINK "mailto:pratikchef@gmail.com" pratikchef@gmail.com



Professional Synopsis
7 years of experience in the Corporate  Sales, Service & Team Management, Client Relationship Management, Planning and Marketing

Career Objectives
To work in a stimulating environment, conducive to growth and challenge for optimum utilization of my skills and gain better prospects. 
I have a strong determination to succeed in anything that may come with constant desire to learn and grow


Organizational Experience 


Times Business Solutions - TimesJobs                                     August 2013 to Current

Times Jobs is a wing of Times Of India, a biggest News network across the country. 
Times Jobs is a data based portal which assist the Corporate and SME to satisfy their Recruitment and Branding Solution

Designation.        Area Sales Manager 
Profile.                Corporate and SME Sector 


Primary & Critical Accountabilities
Manage the Team of Account Managers and drive them to achieve their desire Target.
Tie up with the corporate clients who provide an opportunity for offering Database and Branding Services.
Meet CFO/HR Heads with an objective to get into a corporate tie up for  their recruitment and branding solutions 
Sourcing the Advertising and Branding Solutions to Corporate and SME.
Sourcing the Recruitments solutions to Corporate and SME   
Servicing and up selling the existing portfolio  client and buildup the relationship value 
Acquisition of new Corporate Clients and selling them Data base and Branding Solution 
To increase the relation value of given portfolio ( in terms of Revenue)  
Total Portfolio strength is 279 Corporate and SME, Total Team portfolio strength is 1071 Corporate and SME.  











 HDFC Life Insurance.                                                                          September 2011 to August 2013



Designation:                   Corporate Sales Manager
Profile	:	       Banc Assurance Channel.


 Primary & Critical Accountabilities


   
Managing the distribution channel of HDFC Bank, West 1 Mumbai Cluster.
Managing the team of Corporate Agency Manager and Sales Development Manager.
Strategize for target completion and client relationship development.
Monitor Business development through HDFC Bank Channel.
To identify the training need and to implement Training to Relationship Manager and Personal
Banker in HDFC Bank
Ensure effective implementation of processes set by corporate office.
Adherence to internal processes and external regulations.
Monitor and optimize the corporate renewal business and cost of acquisition of the channel.
Monitor service levels for corporate in terms of quote presentations, policy deliverance, and post policy issuance within the agreed TAT.
Troubleshooting with: 
                  (a) Underwriting team for policy approval & Claims team for Claims settlement.
                  (b) Operations/Corporate team for policy issuance & Finance team for timely disbursement.





   
Highlights


Qualified for the Salaam Mumbai contest launch in December 2012

Ranked first in the regional contest “Zonal Elite” organized from Sr. Vice President desk,
won a gold medal   and Certificated.( Rest of Maharastra,Goa,Mumbai and MP)

Awarded for best leadership award in final Quarter of the year 2012

      






















 Kotak Old Mutual Life Insurance Co. LTD.	                      August 06 to September 2011



Designation - 	Senior Manager 
Profile		Banc Assurance Criticalhannel


Primary & Critical Accountabilities


Managing the distribution channel to achieve peak performance; 
Associating with Kotak Mahindra Bank. Branch Banking, Privy Banking,NR Banking,& Kotak Securities;
Leading a team of five Sales Manager;
Formulate and execute sales initiatives to achieve various sales objectives;
Attaining a joint sales call with Bank RM’s and BM; 
Establish and maintain close rapport and regular communication with the Bank & Life Insurance Co;
Enforce quality assurance standards to maintain a highly professional distribution channel; 
Disseminate key information and company directions to the Channel; 
Work with various profit centers and key departments to value-add to the distribution channels. 
Responsible for the development, implementation and monitoring of annual training plans for the various distribution channels; 
Identify and analyzing training needs, with the aim to improve productivity and the overall sales performance; 
Personally Organizing  a training session as per channel requirement;
Directing a Sales Manager and Bankers about a process and new product launched by company;
Meeting with channel head of Kotak Mahindra Bank for Business Strategies and Development;  

Highlights
    
Successfully achieved the sales target of 8.95 cr for financial year 09-10.  
Qualified for the Switzerland Tour in DARE Finale contest 09-10.  
Awarded a Gold medal in ACE Contest launched by Kotak Life Insurance;            
Qualified for the Egypt Tour in DARE contest 2006;
Qualified for the Dubai Tour in DARE II Contest 2007;
Qualified for the Bali Tour in Dare III Contest 2007;
Qualified for Insurance Fortnight contest 2007; 
Participated in training session on Interview process organized by HR Dept.2009;  
Controlling the Attrition rate at desired level;  
Is part of the base team in Kotak life insurance who started this Channel of Banca assurance;
Promoted as Associate Business Development Manager from Sales Manager in 2008-09; 







  Birla Sun Life Insurance Company LTD.                                 FEB’06 to JULY’06
Designation:    Unit Manager 	
Profile	:	Banc Assurance Channel 

Primary & Critical Accountabilities

Responsible for the Distribution of Insurance Product through Banking channel (HDFC Bank);
Handling customer interaction; 
Attaining a joint sales call with Bank RM’s 
Provide backend support to the sourcing channels i.e. Personal Banker, Relationship Manager;
Maintaining a check on all Proposal & Policies Logged in through banking channel;
Preparation of daily MIS and reports; 
Training & Development of Personal Banker, Relationship Manager; 
Undertaking the training session for newly joined employee’s and interns in Bank;
                              
Non Banking Experience
Hyatt Regency Mumbai  	                                                       April ’04 to June’05


Designation:  Chef de partie

Profile	:         Hotel Industry    

   Qatar Airways (Qatar Aircraft Catering Co.)                             Aug’ 02  to Sept’ 03


Designation:  Commie I

Profile	:         Hotel Industry


Academic Credentials

Appearing for MBA Course 
    Subject Specialization: - Finance, Sales & Marketing 

EXAMINATION
YEAR OF PASSING
CLASS
Name Of Institution
Diploma in Hotel Management 
March  99-2002  
Second Class
D.Y.Patil Institute of management & Technology
H.S.C.
March  97-98
Second Class
Bhavan’s Collage Of Commerce 
S.S.C.
March  96-97
Second Class
St. Xavier High School 
 
Other Qualification

Certified from Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (Birla Sun life Insurance co.).
Completed basics in Computer applications (incl MS Office).

Personal Details

Nationality				:    Indian 
DOB					:    20th June 1980 
Languages known			:    English, Hindi, Marathi
Marital Status				:    Married
Address				            :   302, C-65,Matushree Chs, Shanti Park, Mira Road E,Thane 401107	


