

RAHUL KUMAR TIWARI
E-mail:rahultiwari1900@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9990361222
                                                                                                                                                    .

To be Associated with a Progressive Organization that gives scope to update and enrich my knowledge and skills in accordance with latest trends in Banking Sector and be part of a team that dynamically works towards the growth of organization


Professional Qualification
Completed B.A (Bachelor In Art) from MJP University, Barielly.
	•	Pursuing MBA(FINANCE)  from SMU University.


Academic Credentials	
	•	Intermediate from S.P College (UP Board) in 2004.
	•	High School from S.P College (UP Board) in 2002.
    
Work Experience
	•	Organization -  KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK LTD.
Designation  -   Deputy Manager
Location:  -JMD , Gurgaon	
Duration: july 2012 till date

	•	Organization- AXIS BANK LTD.
	Designation- Business Development Executive
		Location:  Palam Vihar Gurgaon, (Hr.) 
	Duration:  From Nov-2010 to till june 2012.
 
	•	Organization-ICICI  BANK LTD
Designation-Business Development Executive
Location - Cyber Green Branch, Gurgaon in 2008.
Duration:  From Jan-2009 till Sep-2010 .



Key deliverables

	•	Identifying prospective clients, generating business from new accounts & developing them to achieve consistent profitability.

	•	Handling the sales operations along with mapping, cold calling, generating references, etc. for achieving sales targets.

Achievements

	•	Meet the Champion certificate from Circle Head Axis Bank Ltd. For over-achievement of CASA Targets And Cross Sell Products Targets  3times in the Year  of 2011.





Projects Undertaken

Title: Advertisements and Kids.

Project details:

	•	To identify the media influences on children.

	•	To identify the most effective advertising medium children are exposed to.
     their influence on some decisions in their family purchases.

	•	To find out the impact and importance of kids on advertisement.

	•	To make customer by providing them varied information regarding the different investment Services.


Extra-Curricular Activities


	•	Participated in Computer Hardware Workshop & Communication and Personality Development Seminar on 11th July 2009, organized by Jetking Ghaziabad.

	•	Participated in “National Intregation camp in Dehraduan.

	•	National Cadet Corps (N.C.C)


Personal Details

Name                                       :           Rahul Kumar Tiwari
DOB                                          :            10th July 1987
Father’s Name                       :           Mr: Dinesh  Tiwari
Hobbies                                   :          Visiting Tourist Places and playing Cricket.
Languages Known                :          English, Hindi,
Strengths                                 :          Punctual, Decision maker & Good Health.	
Permanent Add                      :          56-Awas Vikas colony,
                                                             Near-Nehru Navodya   school shahjahanpur,
                                                             Uttar Pradesh.
Correspondence Add          :          H-705,Palam Vihar Gurgaon.122017 
                                                             




Date:						
Place:									(Rahul Kumar Tiwari)	
