ANKIT SHARMA
Phone: +91-9036705170,			                                  
E-Mail: ankit_sharmas@yahoo.com
To secure a recognized position in a growing organization by assimilating my efforts and skills with 
extreme dedication, thereby giving my best efforts towards the development of organization and self.

Work Experience 

Organization	:  Sharma Telecoms (Business Partner of RTL)
Designation		:  Sales Co-ordinator
Period 		:  20th July 2007 to 30th June 2008 (12 months)
Duties Performed	:  Generating Business – Regular visits to sub-distributors and retailers
	   for generating sales and ensuring availability of the products.
	   Sales Analysis and preparation of detailed report – Preparation of daily sales
	   and stock reports. Preparation of sales productiveness report. 

Organisation	:  Deutsche Bank group
Designation	:  Analyst (Global Finance & Foreign Exchange Operation)
Period	:  14th March 2011 to 10th April 2013
Duties Performed	: Monitoring Inter Bank FX trades as part of market risk management, this
	   includes manual confirmations and indentifying discrepancies and ensuring
		   payments are made before the various currencies cut off time.

Tracking out trade discrepancies, querying the same with both client and External                      Counter parties (Banks) and ensure matching rule (Swift/Fax/Reuter   Conversation) to settle the (Swift/Fax/Reuter Conversation) to settle the trade for  good value.
                                           Responsible for interacting with Counter parties (Banks) globally to get the trades 
                                           confirmed and manually match if possible. 

Organisation	           : Northern Operating Services. (Northern Trust)
Designation	           : Analyst (Foreign Exchange Reconciliation)
Period		           : 15th April 2013 to till date.
Duties Performed      : Client and Bank book reconciliation,  		            Monitoring and reconciling the bank’s expense accounts.  		            Confirmation for FX trades done between the bank and clients.
		            Sending Swifts to nostros regarding payments and receipts
		           Checking duplications and cancellations and liaising with the respective IMLG’s for
		            Confirmation                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                           Post settlement investigation, and issue claim if required  	 	            CLS funding for all 6 Northern Trust entities.
		            EOD activities on behalf of Chicago Traders, investigating any discrepancies and
		            reporting them directly to traders
		            Checking and verifying deals over USD 8 million before payments are released by
		            London’s processing team	
		            Reporting account balances to management on a daily basis
		            Taking care of the filing of all documents related to the Chicago treasury team and
		            correctly sending  them for storage on a monthly basis.     
		           


                                                                                                          
		        
Academics
MBA (Finance) from Dayanand Sagar Business Academy, Bangalore in 2010 with 1st division
B.COM from K K Das College, Kolkata in 2007 with 2nd division
Senior Secondary (Commerce) from Marwari college, Bhagalpur (BIEC) in 2004 with 2nd division
Secondary from S K P Vidya, Vihar (CBSE Board) in 2002 with 1st division
   
Professional Enhancement
Summer Training
Title		:      “Business Development officer in HDFC (Personal Loan)” 
Duration	:       April 2009 to July 2009 (12 weeks)
Organization	:       HDFC Bank Pvt. Ltd.
Description		:       Analysis of proper documents required for loans.
                                     Analysis of loan borrower’s background according to company criteria. 
		
Beyond Curriculum
Hobbies: Interacting with people, watching movies, listening to music and playing cricket.
Actively participated in drama and sports activities and secured various prizes.

Computer Skills

MS - Windows, MS – Office
Tally

Personal Dossier

Date of Birth			:	July 29th, 1987
Language Proficiency 	               :	English and Hindi
Marital Status			:	Single
Permanent Address		:	S/o Mr. Din Dayal Sharma, Aliganj
Post/Dist: Banka - 813102 (Bihar)
Current Address		:	No.96/4, 4th main 8th cross 
	Hongsandra,Bangalore – 560078 (Karnataka)

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.



Ankit Sharma 

Place	:
Date	:  













  DOCPROPERTY "aliashDocumentMarking" \* MERGEFORMAT For internal use only

  DOCPROPERTY "aliashDocumentMarking" \* MERGEFORMAT For internal use only



  DOCPROPERTY "aliashDocumentMarking" \* MERGEFORMAT For internal use only



