										   Nilesh More 
 HYPERLINK "mailto:nileshmore03@gmail.com" nileshmore03@gmail.com 						                     Mob: 9503786169
 Career Objectives                                                  
To carve a niche in the field of my work, to take up challenging assignments and give my best to my company and to develop strong communication and interpersonal skills: Skilled in building effective teams to maximize results, Ability to lead and work in teams as required by the role. Capability of motivating the team towards achieving the shared vision and team objectives      
Employment History                                         

Employer: Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd
Products:  (CBRL)
Working location/period:   Pen. Working from 01 Jan 2014 to Till Date.
Profile:  Backup To teller & Brach CASA target (Astt. Manager ) 
Handling the CASH
Maintain Branch register & Daily report
Join custodian in the Branch


Employer: Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd
Products:  (Gold Loans)
Working location/period:   Pen. Working from 14 Oct 2011 to Till Date.
Profile:  Credit Operation Officer(Astt. Manager ) 
MCP / KYC  check 
Underwriting of gold loans 
Gold testing and value assessment 
Credit instruments check ( CIBIL ,NCIF,BCIF) 
MIS supervision and control ( Approval , Disbursal, Gold stock) 
Gold Storage management ( Joint custodian with Branch ) 
Gold assayer  co-ordination and management 
Follow-up with Central Ops for loans authorization 
Control and monitoring of loan repayments 
Back office management. 


Employer:  Manappuram Gold finance Ltd.
Products:  (Gold Loan)
Working location/period: Mumbai. From Apr 2010 to Oct 2011
Profile:  Gold Appraiser  ( “Credit Underwriting/ Process / Policy” )
Reviewing  Credit underwriting/Risk/policy measures post disbursement 
Gold ornaments checked properly with Acid, Stone, Sound, Weight & other.
Complete product and policy knowledge of Gold Loan
Ensuring Credit/Underwriting done one cases is proper as per policy and defined process for 
Publishing the errors for (Gold Loans) to all Credit Managers and Operation managers for their locations respectively 
Follow-up with Credit Managers and operation Manager across India for errors they have done to rectify the same. 
Other Post approval activities for decreasing risk factor to build a healthy portfolio and strong customer base.




Employer:  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Ltd.
Profile & Product:  Motor Insurance, Travel & Health Insurance( Sales Officer)
Working location/ period:  Mumbai ( Nov 2007 to Mar 2010)
Checking Minimum Credit Parameters ( KYC norms and others checks required at pre-sanction level ) 
Retail Sales of General Insurance product.
Handle the Agent of General Insurance

 Skill Summary:  
Computer Skills: Advance Diploma In Computer Application CYBERTECH
Education qualification                                                     

Qualification
Institute Name
Passing Year
Grade
TYBA
Vartak College, Vasai
2007
Second
HSC
Chandulal Sheth Jr. College 
2004
Second
SSC
Sarswati Vidya Mandir (NSP)
2002
Second




Personal Details                                                                                                                                                   


                                                         
Name:
Nilesh More
Father's Name :
Late. Bhim L More 
Mother’s Name :
Mrs. Manisha More
DOB :
04th Nov 1986
Address :
Room Number –G-8, Shree Sidhi Vinayak Darshan Apt. Lodha Marg, Achole Road Nallasopara (East) Thane – 401209.

                                                        
Interests                                                                 
Playing Cricket & Watching Movie 





Place : 
Date: 		                                                                           [Nilesh More]         	










