SANJAY KUMAR TIWARI  
                                                           
Chas, jodhadih more, chandankiyari road,
Bokaro Steel City, Jharkhand   827013
Mob. No. – +919040983402
Email:sankumar333@rediffmail. .Com
			
OBJECTIVE: To work and learn effectively and efficiently in an organization to the best of my abilities. I wish to contribute significantly towards the growth of my organization and try to be an asset for it.                          
                                                       
Career Summary: 
Approx three years of banking experience in Retail Liabilities.

1. Working with KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK Ltd. At Rourkela As a Asst. manager (M1) (working from July 2012 to till date.
Key responsibility area: 
Casa Acquisition and Cross Sale of Third Party i,e   Life Insurance ,Sip Etc.
Deepening of New and Existing Casa.
Maintain Customer Relationship and providing services to the customers.
Focus on monthly sourcing HNI Accounts.
Monthly Revenue Generation through existing as well as new clients.
Monthly Targets of Casa, Insurance and deepening.
Opening of 3in one A/c.

2. Worked with AXIS BANK LTD At   Barbil As a Business Development Officer from 9th june 2011 to 17th July 2012.
Key responsibility area:
Casa Acquisition and Cross Sale of Third Party i,e  Life Insurance ,Sip Etc..
Monthly Revenue Generation for Branch.
 Monthly Targets of Casa and Insurance
 Sale of All Type of Banking Products to the Customers.

Other accomplishments. 
Execute the Marketing Activities in Kotak Mahindra bank ltd for our sales team at Rourkela Branch

Achievement:  I got fast track confirmation in Kotak Mahindra bank ltd within 6 months
                        Pan India No 2 Term Deposit Champion in Kotak Mahindra Bank ltd
Build a good relationship and increase the branch CASA within 1 year.

Academic Qualification:- 
 MBA passed  in  Marketing & Finance from Academy of Business Administration under Biju Patnayak University Of Technology for the session 2009-11  with 75% 
                                                                              	
Passed B. Com  in the year 2008 from Vinoba  Bhave University with 63%

Passed 12th (commerce)  in the year 2005 from CBSE BOARD with 53%.

Passed 10th  in the year 2003 from CBSE BOARD with 61%.
IT Skills:- 
	
Proficient in Ms Office, Windows, Internet, E-mail, etc

     Internship: Project report completed in Marketing of Secondary Product        .                                                                                         .                        From Bokaro Steel Plant (SAIL) for seven weeks

Strength:-

Team player with a strong work ethic & committed to smart work.
Posses good communication and presentation skills..            
Always maintain the self confidence.
A balanced person.
Always Optimistic towards chasing the target.
Organizing Marketing activity to generate new leads.

Personal Details:- 

	  Father’s Name 		:	Mr. Durga prasad Tiwari
           Mother’s Name                    :            Smt Subula Devi
    Date of Birth 		          :            25th june 1988
Marital Status 	          : 	Married 
   Sex 			          :	             Male
	   Language Known 	          :	             Hindi , English ,Bengali & oriya 
     Nationality 			:	  Indian 
	  Permanent Address		:	  Chas jodhadih more, chandankiyari road
				              Bokaro steel city, jharkhand	
                                                                                                        
Declaration: - I do hereby declare that all the statements are given in the above CV’s are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Date 	:

Place 	:  				                              ( SANJAY  KUMAR TIWARI)










 



