CURRICULAM VITAE

SANTHOSHREDDY.K
H.NO 4-139
Gokul Nagar | Patancheru-502319 |                                         Mobile No: +919177925855
                                                                                      E-mail:santhureddy.2009@yahoo.in	                           
                                               
Career Objective:        

To work in a challenging environment and get accustomed to the global culture prevailing as part of the corporate world,to be associated with a reputed organization that provides opportunities for enhancement and for a better career growth while enabling me to contribute to its overall success.

Academic Qualifications:        

Master of Business Administration (Marketing) from TRR College of engineering & Technologyaffiliated   to JNTUH  . 

B.Sc(computers) from R.K Degree college,Kamareddy affiliated to Osmania University .

Work experience:        
Total Experience :2Years as Assistant Manager in Operations.  
 Company Profile:	
M/S  Kotak Mahindra Bank Who is leading the Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd is a one stop shop for all banking needs. The bank offers personal finance solutions of every kind from savings accounts to credit cards, distribution of mutual funds to life insurance products. Kotak Mahindra Bank offers transaction banking, operates lending verticals, manages IPOs and provides working capital loans. 

Job Responsibilities:	

Valut Cusodian
Custodian for Deliverables viz, Debit Cards, Welcome Kits and Cheque Books.
Gold Bar Sales and custodian
Stationery custodian.
Lockers handling and Cross Selling with Lockers main product as LI
ATM Cash Loading
Monitoring branch dummy Account and office accounts
Taking care of all types of remittances like RTGS, Neft and outward & inward Remittance.
Lead Generation of Asset and Business banking Products.
Handling escalation calls and resolving customer queries and complaints at the initial stages of escalations and avoiding Senior Management escalations
CA profiling and controlling of attrition and CIB increase.
Main responsibility is Retail Branch Banking Operations and Sales.
Handling Corporates in query resolutions and Complaint resolutions. 
Sales of Third Party  Products to the customers (MF/Insurance)
Service Quality Champion for the branch.
Handles Salary Uploads of below  every month for top Corporates like Triomech engg, Mahindra Satyam and IBM
Single Point of Contact for all new joinees and other peers in the branch.

Single Point of contact in branch for all Help Desk issues.
Taking care of all EDC/ Merchant Acquisition and Business Banking customers and helping them in availing Business Capital, Bank Guarantees, etc…

Past Experience:	       
worked in HDFC BANK as a Sr.sales Executive from 2011 to 2012.
Company Profile:
The Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (HDFC) was amongst the first to receive an "in principle" approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to set up a bank in the private sector, as part of RBI"s liberalisation of the Indian Banking Industry in 1994. The bank was incorporated in August 1994 in the name of "HDFC Bank Limited", with its registered office in Mumbai, India. HDFC Bank commenced operations as a Scheduled Commercial Bank in January 1995.

Job Responsibilities:	

Joined As senior sales  executive in CASA direct sales
Reached every month CASA 15 accounts target 
Weakly 3 activities in catchment area
Main product as LI with locker and banking products
Handled Inductions for new joinees and also handled bridge programmes for those complete induction programme.
Lead team of 10 members.
Handled escalation calls and resolving customer queries and complaints at the initial stages of escalations and avoiding Senior Management escalations.
Handled of second level escalation calls where first level is not satisfactory.
Regular follow-ups with Personal Banker for RPCS prompt resolutions of the escalated cases.
Won highest no. of customer appreciations and stood top for the consecutive three months.

Technical Skills:        

Operating Systems    : Windows 98/2000/XP 
Others	                    :  Ms-Word,Ms-Excel,Ms-PowerPoint.
Personal Information:        

          Name			:	K. Santhosh Reddy .

	Father Name		:	K. Devender Reddy .
	
          Date of Birth		: 	15-Jun-1988

          Marital Satatus	:	Single.

	Nationality		:	Indian.

	Languages		:	English, Hindi and Telugu  

         Permanent  Address  :         H.No.2-61,V:Tandoor,M: Nagireddy Pet
                                                
                                                D : Nizama Bad
                                                

                                                                                  K. Santhosh  Reddy










