                                                          SHILLO JOSEPH
                                            E-mail:  HYPERLINK "mailto:shillojoseph@yahoo.com" \n _blankshillojoseph@yahoo.com                           
                                            Mobile: +91-9946348973
                                                                                     

Seeking excellent assignments in Sales & Marketing with an organisation of repute.

I would like work in an environment that facilitates value addition to the Organisation with my knowledge & Skill and provides a challenging position


Career Abstract

⇐ A keen learner with exposure of more than 6.8 years in Business Development, Customer support & Accounts
⇐ Presently working as Key Relationship Manager at ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO LTD, (ICICI BANK Thrissur) .
⇐ An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills, Strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities. Possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude

Organisational Facets

 Jan10 to till date- ICICI BANK (ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO, Thrissur) . 
 

Career Path
¬ Joined in Jan2010 as Financial Service Manager.
¬ Promotion took place on Jan 2011 as Senior Financial Service Manager
¬ Promoted as AKRM Band-A on April 2012
¬ Promoted as DKRM Band-B on Mar2013
¬ Handling NRI clients and HH Wealth clients at ICICI Bank Thrissur branch.
¬ Life Insurance business promotion through bank employees.
¬ Completion of one year goal sheet in expressway by 6 months.
¬ Cross Selling and promotion of other products like MF,CA,SA,FD 
¬ Current GTD performance of 106% acheievemnt 

Achievements:
¬ Ranked no.2 and no.4 in pan India for best sales performance with regard to Be the Best (Tashkent) and Galaxy of stars (Singapore)
¬ Earned awards for excellent sales performance, including Be the Best (Hong Kong), Be The Best (Bangkok,Goa) and  Zonal Achievers Conclave,Zonal Achievers forum since Apr2013.
¬ Cultivated positive relationships with customers and expanded business through word-of-mouth referrals.
¬ Remain current on the latest trends in the industry, with comprehensive knowledge of financial and insurance products, services and best practices.
¬ Develop and implement sales plan and manage all phases of the sales cycle-from prospecting to close and follow-up support
¬ Represent a full line of insurance and financial products, serving as a trusted advisor to businesses and individuals.
¬ provided sound financial, insurance and wealth-management services to protect client assets and grow the net worth of their respective portfolios



Aug ‘07 – Jan’10- Accounts Officer
M/S KINGFISHER AIRLINES LTD.COCHIN

Key Deliverables 

¬ Responsible for timely settlement of BSP Refunds and Payments
¬ Preparation of MIS reports on monthly basis like Bank Reconciliation Statements
¬ Responsible for Order booking, invoicing, payment collections 
¬ Managed financial departments with responsibility for budgets, forecasting, accounts payable and receivable
¬ Ensured compliance with accounting deadlines 
¬ summarized monthly financial results and reported to upper management


Academic Credentials

2010 - M.B.A from National Institute of Business Management in Sales & HR management secured 67%
2007 - IATA/UFTAA Diploma 2007, secured 75%
2006 -B COM (Income TAX) 2003-2006 Calicut University, secured 65%

Software Proficiency
 
Software                : Tally Accounting Software, MS Office

Personal Vitae
Date of Birth     : 26.02.1986

Address            :  Kaithakodan House, Near GOVT: Hospital,
                             Pudukad P O, Thrissur, Kerala PIN-680301
Phone               :  Mob-9946348973, Land Phone 0480 - 2658192
Marital Status :  Married
Gender             :   Male


