                                        ADITYA KUMAR
 Mobile: 08879658752 / 09975620937
  E-Mail: aditya.kumar814@gmail.com
                                                                      aditya.srivastwa@rediffmail.com

Seeking mid level managerial 	assignments in Sales & Marketing / Business Development / and Relationship Management with a leading organisation

Professional Profile


Areas of Expertise

Sales & Marketing
Devising & effectuating competitive selling programs/strategies to improve the product awareness and enhance business growth.
Reviewing and interpreting the competition (through in-depth analysis of market information) to finalise the marketing strategy and ensure profitable growth.

Business Development
Developing new clients by comparative study of market variable such as cost, etc. and providing them with superior service.
Conducting market research to analyse and assess market potential, tracking competitor activities for providing valuable inputs to fine-tune selling & marketing strategies.

Customer Relationship Management
Mapping the client’s requirements and providing them customized business solutions.
Identifying & networking with prospective clients from new / existing accounts and achieving increased sales growth thus catalysing profitability. 
Mapping client’s requirements & providing advisory services to select right products.
            
Certification
IRDA
AMFI





Organisational Experience


ICICI BANK, MUMBAI           								                                               July’2012’ to Till Date
Assistant Manager(RM)
Retail Branch Banking

Role & Responsibilities:
Work as Relationship Manager for Privilege Banking Customer by managing their account
Selling all products of ICICI Bank
Responsible for looking daily operation of the bank
Complete solution to the customer, solving the queries and problems of the customers 
Work as Relationship Manager for Privilege Banking Customer by managing their account
Responsible for providing end-to-end solutions to Privilege HNI and NRI customers across all products and services
Look after Assets and liabilities products. 
Increasing the profitability from Managed customers by leveraging relationship to cross-sell products
Generate lead from the branch and new customer acquisition



BALAJEE FRAGRANCE, JAMSHEDPUR            		                    September’2005’ to April’2007’
Sales Executive 


Role & Responsibilities:
Handling the Clients.
Managing the labour with proper coordination.
Handling the stocks.
Supplying the products to our client.
Settlement the claim of the client.
Building Relationship with existing client and generate new business for the company.      




Academia

MMM(Master in Marketing Management) with 58% marks from Pune University, Pune July-2012.  
B.B.A from Pune University, Pune with 57.80% marks in 2010.
12th from Co-operative College, Jamshedpur with 59.23% marks in 2005.
10th from D.N.Kamani School, Jamshedpur with 57.60% % marks in 2003.










Internship

Organisation	 : TATA MOTORS LIMITED, PUNE
Project			 : “SCOPE AND PROMOTION OF TATA MOTORS LOYALTY PROGRAM
Duration		      : 2 months.
   Conducting promotion activity with available resource for maximizing enrolment of loyalty card. 
   Managing relation through exiting and new customers.
   Ensuring secondary and primary target.
  Training and motivating the loyalty program team.

	                         
IT Skills

Operating Systems		: Windows (XP, 2000, Vista)
Software					: Microsoft Office (2003, 2007)


Personal Dossier

Date of Birth				  : 07th December 1986
Address					  : Dew Berry-1102, Sahara Garden City, Adityapur-2, Jamshedpur, Jharkhand.
Languages Known	        : English and Hindi
Gender                             : Male
Father`s Name                : Mr. Ashok Kumar
Mother`s Name              : Mrs. Asha Sinha


Dated:
    
. 
Presently working with ICICI BANK as a Assistant Manager(RM) in Retail Branch Banking.
Exposure in mapping business requirements and designing customised solutions with strong analytical skills and ability to analyse business practices and define optimal procedures.
A proactive planner with abilities in devising effective strategies for augmenting business, identifying and penetrating new market segments, promoting products for business excellence.
Adroit in developing Reference network from existing customers.  
Proven performer with an excellent track record in sales across assignments.
An enterprising leader with strong numerical reasoning, communication, presentation, relationship management and time management skills.




