Ankit Batwara                                         
Vi. Machari Th. Rajgarh
Dist.  Alwar (Raj.)
Mob. +91-9462222850
Email.  ankit03raj@gmail.com



Career Objectives

To understand the dynamics of contemporary world of business and make myself relevant through my capabilities and acumen in the coming years, by giving my optimum worth to the organization through continuous learning.

Project Undertaken
        
     Organization		: Kamtech Associates Pvt. Ltd. 			
Project Name		:  Property Junction Marketing & Booking Center Net. Dev.
            Duration	            :   45 Days 

Work Experience

        Sony India Pvt. Ltd.                            SBA from Aug 2010 to nov.2010 

Job Profile:
	Worked as provide service after sailing  
provide service in Demo & Installation 
Performed as a good relationship officer.
Handling customer problems like retention, complaint etc.
    ICICI Bank ltd.                 Junior Officer Sales in (CASA) from Dec. 2010 to Oct 2011

Job Profile:
 Client Interaction
 Making new clients
 Business Development
 Fill the requirements according to clients requirement
Cross sailing like FD, RD, LI, HI , etc

     AXIS Bank ltd.      Business Development Executive in (CASA) from July. 2012 to con.  .

Job Profile:
 Client Interaction
 Making new clients
 Fill the requirements according to clients requirement
Cross sailing like FD, RD, LI, HI , etc

Academic Records

MBA ( Marketing & IBM )             in 2008 to 2010       Jodhpur Institute of Management, Jodhpur

Bachelor of Arts                            in 2004 to 2008      University of Rajasthan, Jaipur                                                       

Sr. Secondary                               in 2003                  Rajasthan Board, Ajmer                                                                       

Secondary                                in 2001                Rajasthan Board, Ajmer 
   
Computer Proficiency

One year diploma in computer accounting from I.C.A.

Co-Curricular Activities

Listening to music 
Playing Cricket and Football.
Making new friends and social circle.
Traveling

Personal Strengths

Optimist
Willingness to learn		 
Capability of maintaining good interpersonal relations.

Personal Details

Date of Birth		 	: 08th Sep. 1985
Languages Known	 	: English and Hindi
Father’s Name	 	: Mr. Kishan Chand Batwara
Marital Status			: single
Sex				: Male





Date:
Place:                                                                                            (Ankit Batwara)










