Vijay Vardhan Jain
Address: H.No. 04 Tillyani Bajariya Jhansi 284002
Telephones: +91-8765252635                                                 Email:  HYPERLINK "mailto:vijaybardhanjain@gmail.com" vijaybardhanjain@gmail.com
               						                HYPERLINK "mailto:vijayvardhanjain@hotmail.com" vijayvardhanjain@hotmail.com
Seeking professional enrichment opportunities in Sales & Marketing Functions / Channel Management / Wealth Management with an organisation of high repute. 

CAREER ABSTRACT

A result oriented professional with over 2.5 years experience in Strategic Planning, Sales & Marketing Key Account Management and Relationship Management. Presently associated with HDFC BANK LTD. as Branch Sales Officer Jhansi.
Demonstrative excellence in handling large & High Net worth Relationships with proficiency in managing investments.
Strong business acumen with skills to remain on the cutting edge; drive new business through conceptualising strategies, augmenting & streamlining procedures, implementing product promotions etc.
Verifiable year on year success in achieving revenue and business growth objectives in highly competitive environments.
Strong analytical, communication and organisational skills with the ability to analyze business practices and define optimal procedures or practices. 
An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills.
PROFICIENCY FORTE 
Strategic Planning: Determining financial objectives, designing & implementing systems, policies & procedures in consultation with senior management to facilitate internal financial control & management. Designing business plans / strategies for maximizing profitability & revenue generation.

Sales & Marketing Functions: Conceptualising & executing strategies to drive sales augment turnover and achieve desired targets as well as profitability of operations. Identifying, qualifying and pursuing business opportunities through market surveys and mapping as per targeted plans as well as through lead generation. Monitoring competitor activities and devise effective counter measures.

Key Account Management: Initiating & developing relationships with key decision makers for business development. Identifying prospective clients from various sectors thereby achieving business targets. Monitoring clients’ portfolio performance, conducting profitability analysis, rendering sustained advisory services for securing high ROI and increasing retention levels. Analyzing risk appetite of an individual for providing them apt investment solutions, ensuring that solutions provided match the risk profile
OCCUPATIONAL CONTOUR
HDFC BANK LTD  							 May’2011 – till Date
Branch Sales officer Branch Banking, Location Jhansi

Excelled in all the diverse responsibilities & have successfully attained the sales targets pertaining to TPP, deepening of savings, current accounts, customer acquisition and deposit mobilization. 
Instrumental in identifying Segment business to establishing, acquire and generating business and increased sales growth.
Maintaining Strong relationship with the HNI clients.
Responsible to penetrate to sourcing of CASA, Fixed Deposits and generate revenue through   Life Insurance and other products offered by the bank.
Maintenance of regular Sales MIS
Delivering high services standard to the clients in terms Portfolio Management and Service quality standards  






United Insitute Of Management				          Oct ’2010 – April ’2011
Administrative Officer Location Greater Noida

Provide administrative support to Centre Management in relation to bookings and hiring       information, asset maintenance, finance, procurement and human resource systems; and       further, work to ensure compliance with all the College’s policy, procedural and operational       requirements.
Provide a high standard of administrative services with timeliness, accuracy, integrity and    courtesy.
To actively participate as a committed Sheldon College team member, including the Centre’s operations.
Maintain the Centre membership, asset and other operational databases.
To provide, develop and maintain an efficient records management system (including       management of incoming correspondence, filing, forward records  for action, maintain       records management database, maintaining resubmit system and follow up actions).
Manage correspondence flow through the Centre and quality control all outgoing       correspondence in accordance with existing College policy.


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
2010	Master of Business Administration (Finance Management) Teerthanker Mahaveer University Moradabad
2008	Bachelor of Commerce  		                                    Bhundelkhand University Jhansi
2005	Intermediate	                                                             M P Board Bhopal.
2002	High School                                                                    M P Board Bhopal.

PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth  	24 April 1984
Marital Status	Single




Fund Management

Strategic Planning

Key Account Management

Client Relationship Management







