Curriculum vitae

  
  BHAVESH G. PATEL
  B-1, Anuradha Appartment,
  Katargam, Surat
  Mobile: 9909335999 / 9099907492
  E-mail: bhaveshpatel86@hotmail.com
         							


Career Objective
To work in a challenging environment with an organization where I can work continuously to enhance my skills and contribute towards the growth of my organization. 

Academic Profile

Post Graduation : Passed M.B.A in (Distance learning course) from SMU in ( 2012 )
Graduation: Passed B.A. from N.G.U. university in (2007)           
H.S.C. :Passed from G.H.S.E.B. in (2004) 
S.S.C. :Passed from G.S.E.B in (2002)

Employment History &  Work Experience

Organization: Bharti Airtel Limited.
Location : Surat. Duration: April -2008 To September - 2009 Designation: Sales Officer.

Handling product portfolio of the Enterprise Solution,PRI line, Voice, and Broadband Connections etc.
Responsible for promoting telecom products and services to the SME customers. 
Meeting Sales  & revenue targets with the help of account mapping & feasibility status.
Perform responsibilities of bill collection and provide good service to customers and build strong relationship with customer.
Maintain regular contact with Key Clients.

Organization: Trimble Mobility Solution India Ltd ( Formerly TATA TMT )
Location : Surat and South Gujarat.
Duration: October – 2009 To Aug - 2011 Designation: Sales Executive – Corporate Sales

Handling Product Portfolio of Vehicle Tracking System and Logistics Solutions, doing presentations & need analysis of customers.
      ●   establish the distributor network by developing new dealers.
      ●   Provide Sales support For Dealers to achieve and enhance sales, revenue and profit      
           targets.

Successfully implemented DSO (Kerosene Tankers) tracking project Of Gujarat Govt. 
Handling bill collection responsibility.
Segment wise calling, mapping & indentify the prospective customers.
Meeting sales targets with the help of retail & corporate sales.
Doing referral sales management from new as well as satisfied customers.


Organization: Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited, 
Location : Surat
Duration: March-2012 To Till Date Designation: Account Manager – Sales 

Assigned responsibilities of making sales calls and promoting Financial products and banking services to customers and build up banking relationship with customers.
Responsible for assisting and guiding to customers about various banking services and facilities of (  net banking, phone banking, and home banking etc…)
Handled the tasks of preparing quotations of products, and sent it to customers. 
Responsible for building and maintaining effective relationship with customers and ensuring that the service of bank meets customers satisfaction.
Focus on business development across all liabilities product, assets & fee to sustain and achieve growth in relationship value and revenues. 
Conducting regular meeting with the customers and fulfilling their upcoming financial needs as well as generate the opportunity of cross sell of other banking products.

Computer Proficiency
“Fundamental knowledge in Computer Application”
Have good control over MS Office & Internet
	
Area of Interest

Sales & marketing
 
Key Strengths

Enjoy meaningful communication, honesty at work, disciplined, and Maintaining Self-Confidence,


Personal Profile

Father’s Name	: Shri Ganeshbhai M. Patel
Date of Birth		: 17 August,1986
Sex                           	: Male
Marital Status           	: Married
Nationality               	: Indian
Languages Known 	: English  Gujarati and Hindi.
Hobbies		: To make friends, listening to music & travelling

Declaration
I hereby declare that all the above information’s are true to best of my knowledge & belief.  
  


Date: 
								
Place:Surat								(  Bhavesh Patel )











