                                          

NITIN L.DEOGAONKAR
Mobile No: 8390436967/9372236428
E-mail: deogaonkar.nitin@gmail.com.

 Carrier Objective  

Looking for an opportunity to put my skills and training to work for the organization and achieving the highest perfection of the professional standard for delivering the optimum result to the management.

Work Experience         

(I) Company Name	 : - Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Co
     Duration           	 : - May2014 - Till date
     Designation      	 : - Sales Manager ( Bank Channel )
     Reporting	  	 : - Area Development Manager
                          
          Handling Liability Division of the branch by Souring Life Insurance with Branch Members and mainly looking after Customer Service. Acting as intimidator between  sales  departments. Providing resolutions to customers and handling escalations of the branch & sales. 

Key Responsibilities- 
Business Development through relationship management with the Bank staff and manager.
Handling team of Associates & executives to generate life insurance business. 
Business Development through lead generation and references from bank.
Achievement of sales target.
Responsible for training the Team and achieving business targets through them. 
 Responsible for Developing Bank Channel within assigned region through team. 
Responsible for establishing and strengthening relationship with customers in Bank.
Motivate and mentor  the Team Members regularly and generate business from them.
Help the team in enhancing the sales
Maximize mobilization through regular follow ups & strengthening of relationships with Team Members
Responsible for daily MIS reports.






(II) Company Name	 : - ICICI Bank Ltd
       Duration             	 : - Nov 2009 – April 2014
       Designation       	 : - Front Desk Officer & Sales Officer-CASA
       Reporting	  	 : - Branch Manager
                          
          Handling Liability Division of the Branch by opening CASA accounts and mainly looking after float and fixed deposit targets of branch. Acting as intimidator between sales department.  With Assets Servicing - mainly looking Jewel Loan Operations and Disbursement. Providing resolutions to customers and handling escalations of the branch & sales. 

Key Responsibilities- 

Acquisition of new CASA customers’ base for the revenue generation to the bank and ensuring customers Wealth Management objectives are met.
Sourcing of new mass affluent relationships from the existing base as well as acquiring new customer base
Cross selling and upgrading the relationships in the following product segments- Insurance - Life & General , Mutual Funds ,Jewel loan.
Ensuring & monitoring KYC norms and AML are adhered to all relationships under portfolio.
Responsible for float collection from CASA customer in every quarter end.
Other Specialties - Branch Banking Sales Process, Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Customer Satisfaction Retail sales.
Responsible for Customer Service Request .
Update all critical reports, monitor, fraud control, filing etc.
Responsible for high quality service, customer relationship management, queue management branch audit &compliance.
Jewel loan Process and handle jewel loan compliance. 
Register updation on end of day cash position, instruments issued etc
Filing of End of day (EOD) Report
 Ensuring & monitoring KYC norms and AML are adhered to all relationships under portfolio.
Responsible for daily MIS reports
Undertaking periodic verification of Deliverables/Inventory/Gold etc so as to exercise control over operations and fraud risk. Submitting various monthly/quarterly reports to BM & Internal Auditor
Accolades:-
Highest number of Jewel Loan Disbursement in month of jan 2014
Qualified for ROMG contest for  Life Insurance  in the year 2013.
One of the highest numbers of accounts opened in Pan India in the month of Dec 2011.
 Awarded & felicitated by Zonal Head for the Life Insurance Highest Sale in the year 2009 & 2011
Qualified for  RBH Contest For Jewel Loan in the year 2012

    (II) Company Name         : - ICICI Bank Ltd	
           Division                      : - I Process   
           Duration           	 : - June 2008 – Nov 2009
           Designation      	 : - Sales Executive (Salary & TASC Accounts)
           Reporting	  	 : - Sales Manager
 
         	

Key Responsibilities- 
Acquisition of New Salary Accounts
Generate Good Salary Relationship   
Open  New TASC Account for generate CASA Float Balance 
Enhance the value of existing accounts of Salary account & TASC account customers.
Achieve sales targets and providing Customer service
Timely MIS reporting

Accolades:-
Highest number of Salary Accounts opened in the North Maharashtra region for the year 2008.
Qualified for ROMG contest For Life Insurance in the year 2008..
 Awarded & felicitated by Zonal Head for the year 2008 & 2009
IT Skills
Operating systems: MS CIT	
Tally Package 6.3 




Educational Qualification   
             
 Master of Business Administration (MBA) From Apex Institute of Management & Technology, Nagpur in 2011-2013
Government Diploma In Co-Operative Account (GDCA) in 2007.
Bachelor in Commerce (B.COM)   Form North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon.in 2005-06.
H.S.C from Nasik Board in  2002-03.
S.S.C From Nasik Board in 2001-02.

Personal Details

Name		             : Nitin Laxmikant Deogaonkar.
Address          	 : 84 Wankhedkar Nagar 
                                       Near More Teylor House
                                      Deopur Dhule
                                      (MH)424002                          
Date of Birth 	  : 30th  March,1986
Gender 	              : Male
Marital Status	  : Married 
Languages                  : English, Marathi & Hindi.

   Declaration

I hereby declare that as above statement are true                                                                                     & correct to the best of my knowledge & belief.


DATE:                                                                          Signature

PLACE:             





                                            
