Nirmal

Citizenship : Indian ▪ Date of birth : 16 August 1987

Contact

Tel :     +91-9991369086
E-mail:  HYPERLINK "mailto:nirmal9701@gmail.com" nirmal9701@gmail.com




Address

VPO Khor, Tehsil Pataudi,Distt. Gurgaon,Haryana




Objective

To work with professional, progressive organization, which would benefit to improve my skills and I can utilize that skills for my own & company's growth and also looking for a challenging and motivating position in a professional managed organization with continuous learning, developing, and growth possibilities.





Experience

Company: MUTHOOT FINCORP Ltd.

Designation: Branch Manager

Duration:  1st November 2012 till now 

Work Profile:
Responsible for managing the portfolio of Gold Loan and SD.
Handling all aspects of Branch Operations; Cash Management,, Check and Verify Reports, Check Registers, Calling NPA Customer and home visit. 
Preparing reports related to branch functioning like weekly reports and monthly reports.
Adherence to regulatory requirements and ensure process & procedures as per Manual of Instructions.
Ensure before EOD all branch work to complete.
Ensure due diligence, KYC and AML guidelines while processing the transactions. 
Preparing MIS on Daily Basis.
Generating business through Branch Walk-ins and Marketing Activities. 

Designation: JC/Customer Service Executive/BIC

Duration:   6th Sept. 2010 to 31st Oct. 2012

Work Profile:
Arrange required cash for daily business. Ensure physical check of cash and record properly. 
Proper maintenance of records all registers like Cash Book, Vault Book, GL Registers etc. 
Ensure proper interest collection on each day. 
Maintain daily, weekly and monthly branch performance report like Journal Report, BRS, Trail Balance and  Profit and Loss.  
All pledge, vouchers, reports must be verified and sign accordingly. 
Acceptance of Cash deposit and withdrawals at the teller counter and insuring error free transactions. 
Ensure cross sell of various products over the counter. 







Professional Background

     2008 to 2010 
MBA –Marketing&HR (Regular Course)
 ADAM SMITH INSTITUTE OF MANGEMENT College ,Gurgaon (ICFAI University,Dehradoon)


2004 to 2007
BBA- Management (Regular Course)
KLP College, Rewari (MD University,Rohtak)







Internship

Company: TVS MOTORS COMPANY Ltd.

Objective: Networking Expansion and Development   
   
Duration:  30th march 2009 to 27th June 2009.	         .

Work Profile: The internship provided me an opportunity to work in a professional services firm. 
    Cold calling, 
    Survey
    develop ASC





Computer Knowledge

Completed TATA INFOTECH LTD. one year Computer Course covering: 
MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power point, MS Access
Tally,C++,FoxPro






Languages

English, Hindi and Urdu (Read, write and speak)




Personal Profile
Father's Name: Mr. Rajender Singh
Gender: Male
Personal Interest: Listening Music and Watching Movies
Marital status: Single 







Place: ...................                                                                                                       (Signature)
Date: …./…./……                                                                                                           NIRMAL
