SUJAY SARKAR
E-mail: sujaysarkar.mba@gmail.com

 OBJECTIVES
To achieve excellence in working as dynamic professional offering solutions to business using the best available where my anatytical ability and analyzing quest are used maximum for growth of the organization and to grow with the organization. Seeing a challenging position in well established company that offers professional growth and ample opportunity to learn and enrich my competencies in my profession.

EXPERIENCE
Company Name: SBI Life Insurance Co. Ltd.
Duration: June, 2013 to till date
Designation: Business Development Manager
Roles & Responsibilities:
Co-ordinate with all branches in the region.
Identify the branch staff to become CIF and motivate to existing CIF.
Provide training for the product and operation.
Close monitor for HL penetration and co-ordinate with Regional Head.
Acquire customers and generate the targeted amount of premium - Deliver Complete Product  information to Customers
Monitor & fulfil prospect and customer leads provided by the branch staff for new business or cross sell opportunity
Cross sell and up sell products to existing customers & build portfolios
Ensure adherence to all sales systems, operational, underwriting, compliance guidelines & ensure accurate data capture
Ensure the delivery of all S&D and financial KPI defined for the role
Ensure adhere to the defined sales process, AML & KYC guidelines, code of conduct & rules of the company
Report and highlight any violation of sales, compliance, HR guidelines to superiors.
Company Name: IndiaFirst Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (JV of Bank of Baroda, Andhra Bank and LegalnGeneral)
Duration: July, 2010 to May, 2013
Designation: Sr. Business Development Manager
Roles & Responsibilities:
Follow the branch lead according to the customer requirement.
Search, identify & conduct daily sales calls for cross selling of Bank product.
Acquire customers and generate the targeted amount of premium - Deliver Complete Product  information to Customers
Monitor & fulfil prospect and customer leads provided by the company for new business or cross sell opportunity
Cross sell and up sell products to existing customers & build portfolios
Manage the relationship with customers to ensure persistency & renewals
Ensure adherence to all sales systems, operational, underwriting, compliance guidelines & ensure accurate data capture
Ensure the delivery of all S&D and financial KPI defined for the role
Ensure adhere to the defined sales process, AML & KYC guidelines, code of conduct & rules of the company
Report and highlight any violation of sales, compliance, HR guidelines to superiors

 QUALIFICATION
MBA (Marketing) from NILLM School of Business affiliated by Alagappa University.
PGDBA (Operation) from NIILM School of Business
B.Sc (Dum Dum Motijheel College), Calcutta University

 ACHIEVEMENTS
Participated in Campus to Corporate Workshop organized by U dream Got certificate in personal development workshop.
Complete 2nd Year Painting from Sarva Bharati Charu Kala Mandir

PROJECTS / INTERNSHIP
Title		:  “Inventory management and control” at Coffee Day Xpress, Kolkata.”
Duration		:   2 Months
       Team size	:   4 members.

Title		:  “Recruitment of Financial Consultants” at HDFC SLIC, Bangalore.” 
Duration		:   1 month
       Team size	:   6 members
	
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Microsoft office 2003 & 2007.

 SOFT SKILLS
People management skills                                                                       
Work effectively with diverse groups of people 
Well developed problem solving skills
Fast learner, adapt well to changes and pressures in workplace                                   
Positive Attitude, Determined, High Energies
Hard Working and Sincere

PERSONAL PROFILE
Father’s Name				: Durgadas Sarkar
Permanent Address			: 5, Rishi Aurobindo Road, Kolkata 700065
Present Address				: 17/31/3, 3rd Cross, Roopena Agrahara, Bangalore 560068
Contact Number				: 9008789187
Date of Birth				: 10th March, 1987
Marital Status				: Single	
Gender 					: Male
Nationality				: Indian
Languages Known			: English, Hindi and Bengali



 DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Place: Bangalore
Date:													                                                                                                      .……………………………………
									           Sujay Sarkar
