Bryan Welch
Greater Seattle Area
Systems Engineer/Architect at Juniper Networks
Summary
Strategic Network Architect with 15 years of achievement designing and delivering high-performing, complex
 network and system implementations that increase reliability. Adept at coordinating multiple systems and
 leading simultaneous integrations across various industrial sectors. Technology evangelist who improves
 entire lifecycle of services by leveraging strategic partnerships and providing architectural vision to align IT
 processes with short and long-term business plans.
Sr. Systems Engineer - Juniper Networks. Help clients architect and build large scale reliable networks though
 integration of Junipers Security/Routing/Switching portfolios. Helping customers Integrate Juniper's market
 leading solutions to build large scale SDN enabled private and public clouds with multiple vendor technologies
 such as Openstack/Cloudstack, VMware, KVM, Chef, Puppet.
Network Operations Manager/Network Architect - Digeo/Arris. Responsible for 24x7 uptime of 1M+ client
 multihomed redundant data centers, SLA management, SAN (NFS/CIFS/iSCSI) network, endpoint/network
 security, MS Win2k3/2k8/linux server infrastructure, patch management, vendor negotiations, long haul
 network, LAN/WAN requirements and upgrades, Load Balancers/ADC's, Vendor Multihoming (BGP).
Principle Network Architect and Director of Engineering(Pre/Post Sales Engineering) - Tec-Works Inc.
 Specialized pre/post sales engineering for medium business with large enterprise requirements with focus
 on Data Center design and installation, Lan/Wan installation, design, troubleshooting, high availability and
 Network Security requirements.
Sr Network Engineer, Installation - Internap Network Services designing, installing and troubleshooting top tier
 multihomed customer installation and networks with focus on security and fault tolerance.
Network Infrastructure Engineer Lead - United States Air Force. Circuit installation, network router, switch,
 firewall deployment and fault isolation supporting 10k+ users.
Experience
Sr. Systems Engineer, Architect at Juniper Networks
April 2012 - Present (4 years 11 months)
Helping customers realize the tremendous operational and financial values of Juniper Networks and the Junos
 OS.
- Pre-sales Systems Engineering, Architecture and Design
- Design, Architecture and Solution Engineering for Cloud Networks, Enterprise, Campus and data center's
 across the state of Washington.
- Work with and recommend products from Juniper's tremendous portfolio ranging from security, routing and
 switching to wireless and virtualization
- Architect highly scalable, redundant right-sized networks using the some of the best technology in
 networking to ensure "5 9's" and investment protection.
Owner, Network Architect at Welch Engineering Services
February 2008 - Present (9 years 1 month)
Private consulting firm focused on Secure Enterprise and Data Center networks with requirements for Cloud
 and On-Prem Hybrid solutions.
Director - Network Operations at ARRIS Group inc (Formerly Digeo Inc.)
March 2008 - April 2012 (4 years 2 months)
In charge of overall corporate IT strategy, Security and Network Infrastructure for multiple sites and 24x7
 data center facilities.
Oversee daily operations of 3k node windows/Linux LAN, 3 HA Data Centers with multiple provider
 connections, HVAC and power requirements, MPLS and Metro Ethernet back haul connections, VMware
 clusters with iSCSI and NAS SAN storage, Firewall and IDS, Load Balancers/Application Delivery
 Networks, DNS, AD and Exchange.
Founder - Director of Network Engineering/Network Architect at Tec-Works Inc
2002 - May 2008 (6 years)
Lead team of engineers to develop network road maps for customers, product recommendations during of
 pre/post sales engineering processes.
Subject matter expert for Routing and Switching. Provided hands on support of key customer accounts.
Directed Data Center Design, build outs and upgrades for new and existing customers to include: Structured
 wiring, Network Optimization, Routing, Switching, Security/Firewalls, HVAC, AC/DC power
Launched 24/x7 proactive monitoring services for SMB customers with focus on datacenter, to address their
 operational requirements for hands on staff to support their online businesses during all hours of the day/
night.
Sr. Installation Network Engineer at Internap Network Services
January 2000 - January 2003 (3 years 1 month)
Network Engineer - Base Operations at United States Air Force
March 1996 - March 2000 (4 years 1 month)
Lead engineer in charge of 12,000+ user base network. Migrated entire base infrastructure from ATM
 backbone to Routed Ethernet for scalability and reliability, managed day to day outage resolution and
 installation of new services.
Education
CCAF
AA, Information Systems, 1997 - 1999
California State University-Fresno
Industrial Engineering, Information Systems, 1992 - 1994