AMIT G DUMBHARE
Ganesh Nagar, Sahayog Colony, Gondia 441601
Phone: 9373054550; Email: amit_310600@rediffmail.com
 


13/02/2014

Amit G.Dumbhare
Associate Manager
Max Life Insurance Co.Ltd.
Ganesh Nagar Sahayog Colony Gondia
	
R/Sir,

I am submitting herewith my resume for your perusal and favorable consideration for the post of <position vacant> in your organization.

Academically proficient with Masters in Business Administration - Marketing & Human Resource Management, backed by Bachelors in Commerce; I am a qualified and high performing individual with excellent professional and technical skills achieved via rich cross-functional exposure of nearly 4 years across the industry.

I am an innovative thinker, able to apply analysis and creativity to problem solving. I am a highly personable, self-motivated and diligent individual with flexibility to adapt to new situations. My core competencies are in the domain of Sales & Marketing, Competition Analysis, Brand Promotion, Relationship Management and Revenue Generation.

Driven by high energy levels and technical competence I am confident of making visible contribution to company’s growth and profitability objectives.

A tour through my enclosed resume shall take you through the details and I am confident, in my credentials you would find a perfect fit for the said job. Thank you for sparing your time.

I would appreciate the chance to meet with you in person to discuss as to how I could be a vital part of your organization. 
	

Thanking you in anticipation.


Yours sincerely

AMIT G DUMBHARE
 
AMIT G DUMBHARE
Ganesh Nagar, Sahayog Colony, Gondia 441601
Phone: 9373054550; Email: amit_310600@rediffmail.com
 
SALES & MARKETING PROFESSIONAL
Offering nearly 6 years’ experience and seeking challenging assignments across Banking Sector
 
PROFILE

A marketing professional, offering experience across Sales & Marketing, Competition Analysis, Brand Promotion, Relationship Management and Revenue Generation in varied industries
High-performing professional with experience in optimizing business operations, business development, expansion of marketing network while managing and understanding competition, consequently achieving and providing high productivity standards
Possess comprehensive skill sets in exploring and procuring new business, promoting and creating brand awareness and competition analysis. Target oriented professional with proven managerial acumen backed by focused energies fostering business growth and target achievements
Excellent Relationship Management skills, articulate, combine strong business acumen with the ability to conceive profitable and efficient solutions utilizing technology
Anticipating and capitalizing on market trends, identifying profit potential, creating value, & positioning the company’s products & services to maximize market share

Core Competencies
Marketing & Sales  Key Accounts Management  Channel/Relationship Management  Sales Promotion
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE                                                                                             Since Dec 2011
MAX LIFE INSURANCE CO.LTD
Associate Manager (Sales)
Responsible for managing relationship and meeting sales targets through bank FOS.
Responsible for managing relationship and meeting sales targets through bank FOS.
Will be responsible for maintaining relationships with all constituents in the Bank Branch
Keeping accurate record of referrals received form all constituents in the bank branch.
Shall adhere to agree TATs on first customer contact and follow-ups from the date of the lead being registered.
Shall approach him/herself at least 5 new customers in the bank branch each day.
Increasing bank's customer awareness about Life Insurance solutions and achieve the targeted penetration on cross sell within the branch's customer base.
Drive effectively the Reward and recognition programs launched for the bank staff.
Shall train the bank staff regularly on concepts in life insurance and new product introductions.

BIRLA SUN LIFE INSURANCE CO LTD				 April 2008  To Dec2011
Agency Manager 

Instrumental in hiring, training and performance management of Advisors, managed 32member team 
Accountable for completely managing the day to day operations and administrative functions
Maintaining KRA (Key Responsibilities Area) report for team members on daily & monthly basis 
Determining training needs, identifying process gaps & conducting programs to enhance operational efficiency of the team
Setting performance parameters/ designing trade incentives, delegating work and giving feedbacks
Ensuring timely service delivery as well as collections from the clients within the stipulated period 
Maintaining timely MIS & database reflecting the sales trends & developments for budgetary & strategic review targeting enhanced revenue generation 
Conducting lead generation and sales promotion activities for the branch
Undertaking Gap Analysis/Audits for the daily performance and field visits

 
EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS

MBA - Marketing and HR 2007
NMD College, Gondia 

Bachelor of Commerce 
NMD College, Gondia , Nagpur University

Intermediate
Nagpur Board

High School
Nagpur Board

Application Software: APA 
NIIT Centre, Gondia. 

IT Skills
MS Office and Internet Applications

Project 
Title		Marketing Strategies adopted By Godrej Agrovet Ltd 
Synopsis	Involved in studying the marketing strategies adopted by the company
 
Date of Birth: 23rd November 1979
Language Proficiency: English, Hindi and Marathi
References: Available on Request 



