UMESH SAHANI
Mobile: +91-9716583530
E-Mail: umeshjobs11@gmail.com   
                                                       
A rich and varied experience of  6.5 years in the area of Banking and Finance, Marketing and planning related functional issues including Client Relationship Management, Portfolio Management, Equity & Currency Trading, Mutual Funds,Third party products,Client acquisition and customer servicing with an organization of high repute. 
FINANCIAL CIRTIFICATIONS
Certification  of   CAPITAL MARKET -NCFMs
Certification of Derivative Market- NISM Series-I
Certification of Currency Derivative Market- NISM Series-I
AMFI Certification –NISM Series
IRDA certification
Certification of SALES AND MARKETING SKILLS by KARVY
Prepration of JAIIB/CAIIB
SUMMARY
MBA from Global Institute of Management &  Information Technology Greater Noida with 6.5 years of experience in Banking & Finance ,Sales & Marketing, Relationship Management, Channel Sales Management, Team Handling, Client Acquisition & Servicing.
Currently associated with HDFC BANK LTD -DELHI as Personal Banker (Deputy Manager)
Proficient at maintaining relationship with customers, ensuring quality and service norms to achieve customer satisfaction and business retention.
A quick learner with the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
Holds excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills.
AREAS OF EXPOSURE 

Business Development: Establishing area strategies for achievement of top line & bottom-line targets & business planning and assessing revenue potential within business opportunities. Conceptualizing & executing strategies to drive sales augment turnover & achieve desired targets as well as monitor competitor activities to retain high market share. 

Client Servicing: Managing customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services. Overseeing the resolution of customer complaints on performance bottlenecks. Providing value added customer services by attending customer queries and issues. Monitoring the post service activities like follow up with the customers, service reminders and handling customer grievances for superior customer service.

CAREER CONTOUR
June 2014	 - Till date		            HDFC BANK LTD                   Personal Banker-Sales
Division: Retail Branch Banking- Deputy Manager
Key Result Areas:
 Handling of Classic portfolio & meet the business target/income target.
 Meeting contactibility benchmarks as defined by products and supervisors.
 Deepening of existing CASA relationship.
Achieve income target by CASA value, Forex,Assets,Insurance,Mutual Fund, Credit card etc.
 Customer acquisition through sales to walk-in customers and referrals.
 Disseminate product information.
Generate business quality referrals daily for CASA & Cross-sell of TPP - Life insurance & General Insurance and Mutual Funds etc.
Custodian of Welcome kits and Deliverable and direct banking applications.
Handling front desk as customer servise, sales, complaints resolution and processing customer instructions,NEFT/RTGS and Fund transfer.




Feb 2013	 - June  2014		 ICICI SECURITIES LTD-NOIDA	      Senior Sales Manager	
Division: Bank Direct 
Key Result Areas:
 Acquisition of HNI & NRI customers through mapped Bank branches and clients servicing.
 Provide advice on specific financial products/segments like Equity, Saving Account, Mutual Funds, Bond, FD, PMS, Loan against Securities for the NRI & HNI customer’s needs.
Responsible for Handling & maintain our Sales Executive team and allocate them in Bank branches.
Convert Walk-in prospects into clients, thus contributing in the overall business development of Bank branch.
 Formulating and implementing business plans in line with the overall objectives of the company. 
 Collecting and compiling detailed competitive information for formulating company’s marketing strategy. 
 Organizing events, marketing activities in Societies, Bank branches for promotion of products.

Highlights:
  Certification for highest acquition of clients in a single day and month signed by Asst. Vice President. 
  Handling a team of 6-8 sales Executive team and provide training to valuable products.
  Involved in corporate promotions. 

Oct 2011-Feb 2013			     KOTAK SECURITIES				       	   ASSISTANT MANAGER
Division: Broking	
Key Result Areas: 
Achieved monthly sales target by executing strategy.
Responsible for Acquisition of HNI Clients, Existing customer services & generates revenue from Cash Market & F&O and Currency segments.
Handled meetings with HNI customers for product promotion.
Ensured & organized regular activities like corporate presentation, invitation of clients in branches & Canopy. 
Monitored and analyzed competitor products and activity. 
Developed new market for business generation and expansion.

Highlights:                                                                                                                                                     
 Received 3 times ACCELARATORS AWARDS for completion of above 100% KRA at HO level.
 Start Portfolio Management to the customers and provide advisory service with the help of company Research, Business channel news and through others websites.
 Achieved revenue to the organization from assigned customers through brokerage & cross sale.

Jan 2010-Sep 2011		        KARVY STOCK BROKING LTD			           TEAM LEADER
Division: Broking	

Key Result Areas:
Primarily Responsible to Acquisition of Clients & generate brokerage from Cash, F&O and Currency segments & handling the team.
Provide advice on specific financial products/segments like Mutual Funds, Bond, FD ,Insurance, equities, commodities, Loan against share, PMS etc.  According to the customer needs.
Convert Walk-in prospects into clients, thus contributing in the overall business development of branch.
Cross-selling of all products (Insurance, Mutual funds, Bond, Portfolio management services,  Fixed deposits ,commodities etc.
Ensured & organized regular activities like corporate presentation, invitation of clients in branches & Canopy. 
Monitored and analyzed competitor products and activity. Developed new market for business generation and expansion

SCHOLASTICS:

MBA (Marketing & Finance) from Global Institute Of Information Technology Gr.Noida in 2010
B.Sc. (PCM) from DDU University Gorakhpur in 2008
12th from U.P.Board Allahabad in 2003
10th from U.P.Board Allahabad in 2001
INDUSTRIAL TRAINING
45 Days         				                       SHAREKHAN- NOIDA	            	         Management Trainee 

Title: Analysis of Financial Products like: Equity, Mutual Fund, IPO, PMS Etc.
Responsibility: Data collection from primary & secondary market and selling of company products.
Observations: Customers are always having a sense of satisfaction for their product quality.

EXTRAMURAL ACTIVITIES
I participate in the deliberation of national conference ISMAMS (INDIAN SOCIETY OF MATHMATICS & MATHEMATICAL SCIENCES) on Mathematical sciences and Technological Innovation diffusion.
Participated in personality development programmers organized by institute.
Participated in group discussion organized by Institute.
I participated in the inter class group presentation and I rewarded two times as the” Best presenter of the Day”

STRENGTH
Leadership quality 
Dedication & Punctuality
Responsibleness
Relationship Management & Interpersonal Skills.

PERSONAL DOSSIER

Date of Birth: 1st July 1985
Address: Flat No- 674, Tower -J GC-5, Gaur City Noida Extention Noida - 201305
Languages Known: English, Hindi     
                                                          
 PERSONAL OBJECTIVE:

My desire to create a truly competitive area where I work. I want to bring my enthusiasm and sense of confidence to the organization and to the people I work with.

DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.


                                                                                                                         

Date- ………                                                                                                             Signature          
