				                                                     
PRIYANKA BANSAL
				

Mob. No - 9665872998
E-mail ID: priyanka.bansal0891@gmail.com


Education:	
									
PGDM                       Indira School of Business                 	AICTE                  2012 - 2014               	71%
1st Year                     Studies                                              

BBA		    Prestige Institute of                           	D.A.V.V                2009-2012                  	76%
                                  Management & Research                                       
                                  Indore

HSC		    St. Charles School		       	I.S.C	        	2008-2009	  	79%
		    Shivpuri

SSC	 	    St. Charles School      	       		I.C.S.E	        	2006-2007	               80%
		    Shivpuri


Work Experience:

Organisation: HDFC Bank Ltd, FC Road - Pune
Designation : Personal Banker
Work Experience : 2 Years

Profile : Personal Banker

Achieve sales targets and providing Customer service
Relationship Management for a Portfolio of customers
Responsible for Cross Sell & enhancing relationship with existing customers
Customer service to ensure walk in customers issues
Selling of Investment products like Mutual Fund, Insurance & Current account & Saving account
Managing Operations like A/c opening, Fixed Deposit, Lockers, and Forex etc
Deepening of existing Current account & saving account relationships
Generation of referrals from internal database
Customer acquisition & cross sell to walk in customers
Report Generation & filing
Generate business and cross sell all products and services of the Bank
Enhance the value of existing accounts of Current account & saving account customers. Retention of accounts
Pins custodian
Branch Operations and Audit Compliance






Projects Details:

Company- Birla Sun life Asset Management Company limited , Pune
Project Title – Sales of Mutual Funds through Co-operative banks
Duration – 60 days
Details:
Job required working under the relationship Manager of the AMC along with the Branch Managers and Bank Employees which involved Mutual fund sales.
To create awareness among the customers and to convert it into sales.
To understand investor’s perspectives about various investment options available
To find out the expectations of the investors from their investment decisions.

Achievements: 

Acquired new customers for the company by generating sales of mutual fund.



Technical Skills:


Oracle Flexcube
CRM Next
MS Office

	
	Extra-Curricular Activities:

Co-ordinated College Fest event “MANTHAN” responsible for making arrangements of all required procurements 2009-11.
Certificate for Arogya Doot by Adity Birla Hospital.
Member of the Management Committee of Inter College Event
Participated and won Street Play Competition at Inter-Collegiate Events like PUMBA.
Participated and won Drama Competition at Inter-Collegiate Events like PUMBA.


     PERSONAL DOSSIER

Father’s Name			:		Mr. Ashok Kumar Bansal	      
Date of Birth	:		8th July 1991
Nationality	:	             	Indian
Address	:                 	B-16 Shalini Apt, Parihar Chowk, Aundh, Pune - 411007
	Language Known			:  		English and Hindi
	

