SHAURYA SINGH TARAGI
Mobile: +91-9927312426 E-Mail: shaurya.s.taragi@gmail.com
In quest of career enrichment opportunities in Operations Management (Banking & Retail) with an organisation of repute in the Banking / Financial Services Sector
An Overview
A result oriented professional with rich experience of over 36 months in Banking Operations, Accounts and Customer Relationship Management.
 Working with YES Bank LTD, Dehradun as a Client Relationship Partner (Relationship Manager)
 Well versed with banking procedures and methods as well as products and services offered by the bank.
 Demonstrated abilities in cementing healthy relationship with customers for generating business from them.
 Extensive Knowledge of MS Windows XP, Vista and 7.
 Sound exposure to Excel and MIS.
 IRDA and AMFI Certified.
Occupational Contour
From August’10 till Date with YES Bank LTD, Dehradun as a Client Relationship Partner
Accountabilities
Sales and Marketing:
Selling banking products like CASA, Life Insurance, FDs, Mutual Funds, SIPs and Infra Bonds. Marketing various deposits schemes of bank to retail as well as corporate clients. Developing corporate clients for salary & business accounts.
Maintain relationship with high net worth customers.
Developing a new relationship with the bank called as NTB (New to the Bank) Target Achievement:
Responsible for consistently achieving number and value targets of the assignments being undertaken. Ensuring Sales Targets are attained through focused client acquisition activities in the branch.
To meet & attempt to exceed the company’s business revenue targets with relation to Cross-Sell of Max Life
Insurance policies and deepening of the relationship to accentuate the stickiness of the customers with the bank.
Consultation:
￼￼￼￼￼
￼
￼￼
 


 
Handling customer queries related to the bank products.
Responsible for offering financial solutions and consultation to the clients in regards to their financial investments.
Relationship Management:
Responsible for creating an excellent WOM & rapport with customers, so as to ensure referrals and repeat business for the organization.
Maintaining brand image of the bank among existing clients and general public to hold the prestige of the company high.
Notable Achievements:
Earliest achiever of the highest level confirmation targets.
Won award for sourcing highest number of Current Accounts in the N3 Region.
Internships
 Trained for 45 days in Reliance Money Company in May/June 2008.  Trained for 45 days in Metlife Insurance Company in May/June 2009.  Trained for 30 days in Yes Bank in April/May 2010.
Scholastics
￼￼￼ BBA (merit) from ICFAI University, Dehradun in 2010.
 Completed Intermediate (first division) from Welham Boys’ School, Dehradun in 2007.  Completed High School (first division) from Welham Boys’ School, Dehradun in 2005.
Personal Dossier
Date of Birth : 6th February 1989
Permanent Address : 272/II Vasant Vihar Dehradun Uttarakhand 248006
Nationality Interests
Marital Status Languages Known
: Indian
: Sports, Travelling, Hiking and Net Surfing
: Single
: English & Hindi
References
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
 Available on request.