Amit Paliwal
paliwal_amit@ymail.com
+919920676420
C-133, 2nd Floor, Suratcity Complex, Modinagar, Ghaziabad(UP)


PERSONAL STATEMENT

I prefer to accept result-oriented role, which provide ample scope to exhibit good attitude, hard work and excellent performance.


KEY SKILLS

 	Technical Skills
v	Outlook
v	Word
v	Excel
v	PowerPoint
v	Access

	Certifications
v	TCS certified Six Sigma Green Belt
v	Diploma in Computer Application

 EMPLOYMENT



Deputy Manager
HDFC Bank Ltd. | Ghaziabad
12-2015 To Till Date

Achievements 
v	Achieve sales targets and providing Customer service.
v	Enhance the value of existing accounts of Current account & saving account customers. Responsible of retention of accounts.
v	Relationship Management for a Portfolio of customers.
v	Responsible for Cross Sell & enhancing relationship with existing customers by selling of Investment products like Mutual Fund, Insurance & Current account & Saving account through generation of referrals from internal database.
v	Customer service to ensure walk in customer’s issues.
v	Managing Operations like A/c opening, Fixed Deposit, Lockers, and Forex etc.
v	Review all critical reports, monitor cash levels, fraud control, filing etc.

 	
Senior Process Associate
Tata Consultancy Services | Mumbai
07-2011 To 12-2015

Achievements 
v	Working for a US leading Bank for their mortgage market.
v	Work in a pre-foreclosure part of a mortgage life cycle.
v	Work on the delinquent Borrower's files and help Attorneys with documentation to foreclose the property.
v	Daily pull the report and allocate to the team.
v	Handle QC part for the new joiners.
v	Involve in cross training.
v	Creating backups into the process.
v	Continuously works on Process Improvements.





Financial Analyst
eClerx Service Limited| Navi-Mumbai
12-2010 To 07-2011

Achievements
v	Working for a US leading Investment Bank for their Primary Market.
v	New Deal Set-up, allocation the traders orders.
v	Rectify the errors and reply to TAs(Trade Assistance)
v	Resolve the breaks(errors in online trade booking)



Customer Service Associate
Idbi Intech| Navi-Mumbai
11-2007 To 12-2010

Achievements										                                                                                                          
v	Receive customer calls and provide account related informations.
v	Make customer call & cold call and sell banking products like CASA, FDs, PL etc.
v	Achieve sales targets and providing customer service.
v	Responsible for cross sell & enhancing relationship with existing customers.
v	Generation of referrals from internal database.







EDUCATION											
o	ITM | Navi-Mumbai
MBA (Finance) | 2011

o	Pillai’s | Navi-Mumbai
BCOM (Accounts) | 2008


PERSONAL INTERESTS

Shopping | Travelling | Music 


